<BATTLE>
what's up y 'all welcome to king of the dot. i just want to jump on here and say thank you guys all so much for such an incredible year.
2024 was amazing you know mass 6 was incredible. we did some absolutely amazing things but one of the things that was most important to us as people and the brand was getting out to nova scotia and commemorating pat's stay in his hometown.
excited to come out next year and do it again. sold out crowd, stay day.
looking forward to coming back and making more history. if you're watching this have a merry christmas, stay safe this year and thank you for all the continued and wavered support. much love y 'all. organic.
hey yo king of the dot put your money where your mouth is. we here live in halifax nova scotia. make some noise y 'all.
i am your host organic. you can follow us on instagram at kotdtv. we are here for a very special occasion that is to commemorate the life of past day. when i say past day y 'all say rest and peace. past day.
rest in peace. sucker free. my co -host. let's go. valley tk shout out to ruin your day. beast mode battles. capital rap battles. let's make it classic y 'all. rest in peace.
with that being said all the way from raleigh, north carolina, battler to my right introduce yourself. yo anderson burris or as they call me in the street anderson.
all the way from las vegas, nevada, battler, former king of the dot champion to my left introduce yourself. what's up scotia?
my name is thesaurus but in the streets they call me dad.
you know what i'm saying?
again i just want to make sure this shit is being live streamed. shout out to everybody watching supporting. it means a lot if you're watching this on home. subscribe. everyone in the building please keep it down when they're rapping. let's get this going. anderson won the rock paper scissors. it's on the legend himself. let's go.
all right look.
everywhere i go i keep my energy the same.
first time in scotia.
shit i thought i'd never see the day.
but to be on this card wasn't nothing getting in my way. i told gannick i'll battle whoever he can name for whatever he can pay.
you're just the name they had for me. so let's talk about it candidly. you're here because you're allowed to be. i'm here because i demand to be. you showed up because of how important it is for you to battle me. i showed up because of how important it is for pat's family.
this match for you is like landing on the moon and that analogy is interesting because where you're from your name holds zero gravity. they say that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery but when you face the folks you imitate they expose you as a parody.
oh fuck. they expose you as a parody. no. when you face the folks you imitate they expose you.
fuck bro.
i do. you're right. i know.
they expose you as a oh my god.
they expose you as a parody. if fans have seen one of your battles they've seen them all. the angles are the same. you're the patron saint of pandering to the racists and the lambs. i'll bring jumanji to your front door. it's the nature of the game. run our test. you want peace? stop playing with my name.
i'm saying oh my god bro.
stop playing with my name. i'm saying you clearly carry this desperation
to be approved.
fuck.
you clearly carry this desperation to be approved.
oh my god. i'm so sorry.
you clearly carry this desperation to be approved. then you choose the same two corny approaches in every battle that you do. oh my god.
run to the top of it probably.
i mean bro i don't know what's happening right now.
a white nerd that raps i bet that you didn't expect me to then leans into the racism before he even gets accused. i heard you were the cameraman. i didn't have any clue but i was surprised because of the narrow lens you used to express your views. while avocado's filming this you should study his every move. maybe then you'll learn more than the only two angles you ever use.
instead of this what do y 'all know about being a nerd who never spent a second hustling? what do y 'all know about doing powerpoint presentations and your macbook starts malfunctioning?
well i know absolutely nothing about being so exempt from struggling that i'd appropriate an art form to mock the folks who built it suffering.
fuck it man i finally understand where anderson is coming from. he's just appropriating one culture to parody another one.
well we finally got there didn't we?
he tried to spend most of the round trying to say that i'm a clone. said quit playing with my name. bro quit playing with your phone. good lord.
they got me battling pete morris.
this is enormous.
i'm not just battling asaurus.
i'm battling vsaurus.
he created multi -syllabics. his mind's on a higher level. people used to rhyme one syllable. he started rhyming several.
bro i'm here to cook. you're here to eat. i really don't care. they paid me in dough. they paid you in dough -nairs. your style is so bland.
your style is so bland bro. i came in like a boss. pete'll rap pretty tight but i'm more famous for the sauce. now let's talk.
your breath control is pathetic bro. you walk around extra slow. last time you battled in alaska you got hunted by some eskimos.
he broke the scale at his freaking physical. they couldn't even measure bro. i bet your doctors probably had it up to here with it like a stethoscope.
we tuned in to mass 6 and saw this fat slob performing. you showed up like you woke up at a bus stop that morning. he's like the nickel rays. your middle age. just stop. it's corny. charon should have been the only rapper doing gun bars at 40. but it's always the same story.
the rhythm is off man. like a mixing garage band. that's why a -ward dug a hole for you. he listened to god's plan. i'm just making it deeper than it needs to be like kendrick lamar fans. now pete loves to.
that's crazy. that's pandering again.
i think drake won. i think drake won.
pete loves to talk about his legacy and brag he's a goat. as he battles don marino on the back of a boat.
you might have traveled the coast and battled the most but forget your legacy. let's talk about the fact that you're gross.
when you battled daylight at the bunker you watched him wipe ball sweat on his hands.
really nasty stuff.
then in the next round, you leaned in and eagerly dapped him up.
didn't think twice about it. gave him a full open hand. left the battle with an std and a new covid strand.
now i understand why you have such a bad complexion. it wasn't acne as a kid. it's from constant staph infections.
pete went to a sidekick and asked to get his palm red. you see this line right here? this actually is ball sweat.
you have the sanitation standards of indian street food.
we've seen the videos.
you have the sanitation standards of indian street food. so when you say you're nasty with the hands, bro, i really believe you. every time he's on the card, the crowd gets the flu. covid wasn't started in a lab. it was town business too.
you are the grossest battle rapper. bro has no limits. you'll dig up dirt on your opponent just so you can roll in it.
we can't allow this dude on stage until you learn how to bathe. i will compliment battle you just to shower you with praise.
bro, you've choked in every battle since 2016. you're so dirty you can't get through your material clean.
he's always sweating like a fiend. you reek and it's toxic. your face has more oil than p. diddy's closet.
oh,
down.
final, sorry, final ones.
your face has more than p. diddy's, whatever.
it won't be hot in like two months. it won't be good. but anyways, whatever. for now, it's fire. it wasn't. he plays poker in greasy sweats. you know he has stinky breath. his soul goes to leave his chest the moment he sees the steps. he's a loner. an ogre. his home is completely wrecked. his morning routine looks like the opening scene from shrek.
your favorite battle rapper is swamp. time.
round two is on the stores. go, sir.
go, swamp.
you did it. he said something about that oil.
yeah. yeah. hey, hold it down.
said something about diddy's oil.
it's time the kids should lose.
how would you know if i was in that closet unless you were hiding in it too?
y 'all know what rhymes with anderson burruss? what? anxious and nervous.
looking for anti -perspirants and zanies to purchase.
always within a hundred feet of wherever an amber alert is.
his most commonly used phrase is, i can't. i'm allergic.
such a stan of charon. he found some land he could purchase in ottawa and got a job scamming insurance.
sure, i've made a major impact. that's undeniable fact. i changed the landscape of a scene from the other side of the map.
you made your big impression like hollowhand, another white dude on smack,
whose last battle
was so cringe it made me unsubscribe from the app.
he's just recycling concepts. he doesn't try to adapt. if i could summarize how you rap,
lullaby and a nap.
stuck him twice in his abs, put another knife in his back. you'll think it's love at first sight from all the butterflies that you catch.
he raps like he's convinced that he's the one on some neo shit. but in real life, he's a bitch who struggles with making eye contact and meeting chicks.
on stage, she talks about how he's dodging bullets and squeezing grips. then he turns right back to mr. anderson soon as he sees a smith.
if i even reached for it, you'd have a panic attack. your face would start changing colors and you can get canceled for that.
you are a - you are a battle rap weird al yankovic track.
leave the door open. i'm smoking on that anderson pack.
you only stayed in your daughter's life so you can flirt with her friends.
i can't believe you're 18. i'm pretty sure you're a 10.
he used to give her friends a ride to school whenever they missed the bus. now they're old enough to drive, but he still tries to pick them up.
say pete, i hear you like him young.
you brought a teenager to world dom one.
arcane said that she liked young girls and that was 15 years ago. which makes me wonder, how young were these girls 15 years ago?
he's just the type of guy that thinks girls look cute in braces. on pornhub, searching man walks in on students naked. that's just the truth. let's face it. y 'all seen the girls this dude is dated? he's missed her two times everything and that includes their ages. i mean bro, it is -
i'm not saying he's a pedophile. bro, he's just a creep. he doesn't - he's not.
bro is just a creep. he doesn't roofie girls, but that's because they're not old enough to drink.
you say you father this whole scene and that's why these people love you, but you're not battle rap's dad. you're more like the creepy uncle. but hey, your son sharone is on wowing out. now frax is star two. i've blown up on social media. il -max making cartoons. we're not the only one to have been successful though. pete's making moves as well. he recently got his big break and battled on url.
yeah.
he was texting beasley like my first round i'm gonna talk about how i blazed the trail. my second round i'm gonna talk about facebook jail. my third round i got some gun sounds that rhyme. beasley texts him back like actually one round is fine.
you're not - you're not cut out for url, pete. why is that a shock? you have no stage presence, no rhythm. all you do is rhyme a lot. when il -max was mustard shouting out butter inside the box, they should have had you rap as mayonnaise because only white people find you hot. when you're on url,
it is a little spicy.
but you're up on url talking about the burner that you carry. i work magic with this stick like you're a wizard, harry. draco - draco - draco by my hip. so for sure it's getting scary. he's no longer thesaurus. now he's urban dictionary.
bro,
i'm cool with all the staff. i could go talk to smack. you're not banned from url. they just don't want you back. no one over 30 likes you. you are washed up in trash. your entire black fan base is marv1andpass.
your ego's out of whack. you've been acting delusional, but you got to see how most fans are actually viewing you. smack wasn't there. it was a one -rounder. you were average as usual. that wasn't your url debut, pete. that was a crucible.
and you - and you - y 'all know url that well. that was good for url.
and you did commentary the next day. you got demoted to blogger, but you came there dressed up like you were hosting the oscars. sweating - sweating bullets next to nunu, acting totally awkward. like wow nunu, you're looking sexy. how old is your daughter? bro, you don't even get paid to battle. how is it worth the stress? the league just covers your travel like a euro step. you date college girls, pete. you date college girls, pete. we're in different arenas because i'm always going for a 30. that's the difference between us. go ahead and rap.
i don't know.
that whole round was super corny to me.
my girlfriend's 43. that's fucking older than me.
i don't get it.
oh, it was hard for me to write for this battle.
i almost didn't even plan.
lost another friend.
felt like life wasn't giving me a chance.
depression causing doubts the way only your inner demons can.
then i hear pat's voice whisper,
ever consider being a man?
now when he left us, i didn't know where my perspective was at. and i didn't realize at the time how much my love for this shit was directly connected to pat. the best in the craft who set the highest standard and he held us to that. that's why you've seen me put in all the extra effort i have. that's why you've seen me give everything left that i can.
oh my god, not even just as a rapper, as a friend, as a man,
as a dad.
oh fuck man.
that's like my worst...
not just in my battles, but as a friend, as a dad.
and that's thanks directly to the cat whose name is embedded in that shit.
the legendary status that you could never establish. this cat's just talking out the side of his neck. it's throat cancer. i've been here before iverson and he still got no answer. the reason the scene's so watered down, because we hold rappers to low standards. but even if a trained with the boys, he got no chance against homelander.
anderson's never been in my class. i'm the first pick of the draft. you a guest. i'm at your neck like a visitor's pass.
this should be considered the last 15 minutes he has before he's finished quick as the flash in a 50 -yard dash.
i won't ever think of you as an actual hip -hop fan. just a rip -off scam of cheddar cheese and frack. your shit's off -brand.
yo, but he's the promo goat?
this y 'all's man?
the grown adult whose life would end over a tiktok ban?
i'm saying.
god damn, i apologize, man.
let's go for the adorned anderson. let's get it. if you follow pete on social media, you know he's mentally disturbed.
every day he gets on twitter to see what bridges he could burn.
pretentious little worm just throwing in these labels. bro, you make mike p seem emotionally stable.
as soon as his plane touches down, he'll feel the sudden urge to type. at delta airlines. well, that wasn't a perfect flight. there was turbulence.
there was turbulence in the sky.
your scumman deserves to die. he's on the phone all day making customer service cry. he argues at the poker table, banging his fist. he argues with the dealer as they're taking the chips. he argues with his landlord about raising the rent. he believes it should be lower, like the age of consent. such a sad, lonely life.
this is so boring. such a sad, lonely life. acting like you're prone to strike. we've never seen you throw a right. at least tayrock almost fights. you just stay at home and type.
you just stay at home and type. in person, you're a lightweight. community guidelines is the only thing you'll violate. a choke artist. your mind begins to stall. all those lines you can't recall. all those facebook bans. you can't even see the writing on the wall. bro, you ain't got no style. i dare you to go wild. i can't get you unbanned from facebook, but i could change your whole profile. bro, your hatred for conservatives is alarming and obsessive. i mean, i lean left on most things. even my car insurance is progressive. but if you mess up once, if you mess up once you're done,
the stores has you branded. it's funny how mr. two times doesn't believe in second chances.
but your front row at the ufc sitting on the floor again. you say dana's a white supremacist, but you can't stop supporting him. it's not the fact that you're a hypocrite, it's the fact you do it righteously. you'll write elon is a racist on twitter and you don't see the irony. bro, you hate trump more than anyone and he is a vile human. but man, if you weren't too fat to climb a roof, you would have probably tried to shoot him. it's clear.
wouldn't have missed.
definitely wouldn't have missed. he's getting banned again. good lord.
good luck.
you would have probably tried to shoot him. it's clear your mind's polluted.
i'm just trying to give you help. i think the reason that you hate trump is because he reminds you of yourself.
both you and trump are older men who like your women young. you're both fat and out of shape, so you're both unfit to run.
you did asian jokes. you did asian jokes for stumpfounded. trump loves misleading stats. so both of y 'all have lied about people eating cats.
trump lost his reelection. you got killed in big leagues. you both haven't had a victory since 2016.
you both love talking over people. you both have toxic fans. and i can't prove this, but we've never seen trump actually wash his hands.
both you and trump are hypocrites in desperate need of therapy. you both got banned from twitter and that hurt your popularity. you both are aging terribly. i'm just trying to give you clarity. how can you name yourself thesaurus and you can't see the similarities? it's embarrassing.
he needs to put the phone down. date someone the same age as him.
take a break from battle rap and come back as a main event. he still has what it takes to win. i'll start a new campaign for him so one day he can rally and we can make thesaurus great again.
you

<BATTLE>
subscribe, like,
share.
king of the dot,
the youtube channel.
go show that love.
you got to click that bell, the notification joint. that's what everybody be saying. click the bell. hey guys, click the bell. like, go ahead and show that love, man.
king of the dot, tbl, mass 6. make some noise, yo.
yeah!
what's up? i'm your host, gully tk. subscribe to the youtube channel. i got the whole tbl family with me here. hey, chilla jones, kingpin of new england, takeover battle league, mass 6. make some noise.
zay, takeover battle league. yo, i appreciate everyone popping out tonight, man. make some more fucking noise. let's get it.
ceo,
big tbl shit. thank you to king of the dot.
let's get into this, man.
all right, let's get it. battle it to my right. introduce yourself. defty kidd, staten island shit. big eye battle, big rbe. yo, rip to my brother mac, man. we here with you. peace, mac.
peace.
battle it to my left. introduce yourself.
clone,
bullpen over bullshit.
war time to do ball. moving like you, hawes. don't talk to me, motherfucker.
all right. let's get it. clone won the coin toss. it's on death whenever you ready. let's go. yo, mass.
they said i'm not near the top tier.
i had to step up and see.
must have forgot my name is deft. in the end, all the best come to me. it's finna get though at ease. i'ma use the medal and make clone a little bitch like x -23. as soon as you see him with the kid, watch the beam hit his lid. hit the news like carole baskin. i'm ready to show you who the king really is. i got hella haters. i got hella haters. i make quick impressions like 30 seconds in an elevator. at eye battle, i got a time capsule of everything they'll treasure later. niggas be faking tomb like milli vanilli. that's why i'm on stage as a record breaker. what you accomplish, to be honest, just ain't a concern to me. you see deft on mass killing, they gonna claim this a murder spree. cause everybody wanna go out of town, right? until they're in a state of emergency. i told them.
i told them. put me in some bitch's face. i got next to spin like jeff hardy. and that was the twist of fate. i'm gonna smoke his ass. i won't even throw in jazz. i'll focus on the smaller things like ant -man. you don't wanna see me grow in mass. bro, it's trash. i ain't even ask for you. i was, now you finna die in a fast fashion cause i was looking for something mass produced. but instead you gave me a nigga in a poly with a couple of what?
you saw two dirty bitches and said you wanted a cuff? man, something is up. but then again his name is clone. of course being within one wasn't enough. man, you should've known better.
you should've known better. this thing is like i got two dirty bitches. i'm so pumped.
nigga, i can take that easy. no pressure. it's gonna feel like disaster struck cause i'm a home worker. you should've known better. somebody tell tyrone he better act calm or i'm gonna dump him in the ocean and see if he last long. you gonna see ty die in the water. it ain't a bath bomb. man, i see unsolved murders need our witness. they say sending you to god will take me to new heights, but that don't even pique my interest. the shit's a ball.
the only time i'm wearing out fatigue is when i'm fit for wool. captain spark, i'll blast a shot. when i raise the piece, i'll lift the floor. nigga, i don't give a fuck about you hitting your ceiling. i already know what happens when you hit the floor. nigga, don't try to out, nigga, don't try to outwrite me. you better off stock of the pistol. like a arcade cabinet, unless you got a quarter for death, this game not about to continue. leg shot, hit the cash with a fresh 45. like donovan mitchell, nigga.
to kill me, you gonna need more shooters or sword roogers. fuck waiting for jesus to return. i'm gonna send you to the lord sooner. all you gonna see on tv is clone missing like a storm trooper, nigga. if i don't bring death, then my name defeats the purpose. we gonna spin the block and repeat, then repeat with hearses, bury him in the ground when it's more than knee deep and nourished. i'm talking eulogies for the funeral wood. please read in cursive. i'll give them that whole land to feel. when the scheme is perfect, that means so much power in a room just to keep them nervous and hop out once bullets fly like the secret.
i got everybody ducking their bullpen.
now john john looking to go.
sure canceled so many times that he ain't even wanna book it no more. true or false?
i know a couple of,
between me and you, i really could have used some multiple choices. that event with the mayor after that first look, the same people calling me ass was talking trash like i had torture.
jc,
that was the lethalest blow.
i accepted that. i was waiting on the reaper to show.
a beast with the flow and a crook off screen. i done been on the turf with more plays than a football team. top tiers to the rookshaw scene. i am shallow how. i don't care about the look y 'all bring.
i cook all things.
you up the par, you got a good golf swing. i'm from a dark side before they ever booked raw steams. the irony, we never took small things, but we'll snatch kid in december and by winter, we took off sprint. you'll get took off screen.
you'll get took off screen. you'll get took off screen. so the cops and reporters say he spotted in borders that was probably florida.
you'll be hostage in georgia. no escape mission. they gonna live up to your name when they explain how death and the a missing. hey, listen,
i got some magnums i kept in my section. that let you know that i'm strapped up and always slept with protection. i could even send a late text. to blitz his house.
i even thought of a plan b just in case the kid slips out. big clip out.
but to the face, the ass back or the short tuck. short cuts, fast hats, talking nice whips. slice this, slash that. i will pop up, switch back, slash that.
classic. for the gas.
fuck off, fuck off.
for the gas packs. with the weight, i'm el chapo. you el pablo. basically, you del gato. for cheese, i would sell nachos like del taco.
let go so many elbows, i felt macho.
fuck that w -e shit.
i would be okay.
i let go so many elbows, i felt macho. man,
i am a savage, don't have to tell me. for years we all thought death was fake.
machiavelli. you smell me? just be glad that i offered the rep. now, it's on you. it was supposed to be 90 seconds. don't talk me to death. shut the fuck up.
yeah!
look at that,
look at that. damn, too.
hey.
you use your slogan for a moment,
i'm gonna be left with mad soul.
you gonna open your mouth and talk yourself to death. like black bull, you finna leave a mess in the asphalt.
nigga, you think i'm here for this dummy's respect?
man, just cut me a check. or you gonna see that kid leave mad when dog die.
like chucky and fresh, i'm coming for red.
i'm coming for red.
you gonna leave mad when dog die. like chucky and fresh, i'm coming for red.
there's no hope of you leaving.
if john john jump in, i'm gonna leave both of you bleeding.
they like why use a double -barrel for clone. well, now that i got multiple choices, i also got multiple reasons. i don't give a fuck. i don't give a fuck about the quote you wrote. i only came out of state for the gas because i was tired of the local smoke. before i step in rooms, tone helped me get me sound. it gave me sound advice to get in tune like a vocal coach. i'm finna smoke you, bro.
tone gave me sound advice to get in tune like a vocal coach. i'm finna smoke you, bro.
tone gave me sound advice to get in tune like a vocal coach. i'm finna smoke you, bro.
acting like this nigga's something special makes me sick to my stomach because what i'm hearing doesn't settle. after this, they gonna read about the kid forever like anne frank, because in the room, the kid was hitting upper levels. you batted on rbe against big k, and to this day, it didn't seem right. the big stage was your dream, right? in the blue room, that's where i split xl clone. sound like a gene splice, which i think he's nice. that's fine. this is why i split xl clone. sounds like a gene splice, but what you do at ball pin is cool, slim. but what you do, they don't care to honor. nigga, john put you in harm's way more than sarah connor. that's why you prepared to wander. other than the government, i don't know who would pay money for a clone. if i had your biggest battle, i would've dropped the can on av quicker than sonny corleone. against your rules, i see that you came to work, but that nigga choked on your battle and nobody cares, so it kinda makes it worse. niggas treated you like megan thee stallion on stage because they was rallied on stage for a twerk. nigga, if i have to, i'll fuck around and line your dogs too. push them in the grave as they slide and fall through.
media won't even know what happened, like north korea. but let's just say they gonna find them lying on news. nigga, you battled on king of the dot, to be honest. i don't know why you think you get this win. yes, you fucked that, so i fucked up in battles, but maybe less than him. you ran through the grand prix, then passed through the season like a netflix bin. see, i'm not hating. i just find it funny if i put you in a wood chipper, you still gonna have a pine box waiting. red in my eyes, look like cyclops grazing. pull up to the weight with nine shots blazing. since you came at the cave, i'm gonna fuck around and spray at the lid like an eyewash station. you gonna feel like shit after this non -stop beating. they gonna put you in a back burner like the hot rot treatment. nigga, battle death,
you roll a dice. after death, you pay the price, time.
all right,
bottom of the second, it's on clone.
hey, y 'all, i got a homie that like the ball.
he kept waiting the game.
where he lived was gutter on both sides, but he stayed in his lane. talk about it. he kept some eight balls in the alley. oh, he stayed with some cane.
got caught with a turkey. some people even say it was friends. no shame.
no shame. he got sinister gold. chain gang at the game,
he hit 10 pins in a row.
the bitches seen how he roll. he would strike them in pairs. he went from having the perfect game to begging for his nights to be sped. he compared to a party machine,
not far from a fiend, was doing drugs he had started routines.
getting sober wasn't hard as it seems. mac miron in two on twos. nowadays, my partner is clean. the boys that i bring, shit, i be murdering guys. i really make john doe off the strength of every person that dies. my rounds personalize.
i be murdering guys. i really make john doe off the strength of every person that dies. my rounds personalize. without the personal lies, he done looked out for me so long, shit. he my personal lies. i used to feel tires all nighters, real tired. would hit streets, skip sleep, be still tires. my bills higher, got no time to chill by ya. extiged that fling, shit clicked like a grill lighter.
before i killed myers, it was drills with skilled riders. i kept tabs and kept tabs for pill buyers,
gas bags, real fire. i'm talking weird in the barn. we had to meet by far. hillshyer. ah!
this is a fucking kid!
don't fucking talk to me about it.
bring me this fucking kid.
before i killed myers, it was drills with skilled liars. we kept tabs and kept tabs for pill buyers, gas bags, real fire. so much weed in the barn, had to meet by far.
hillshyer. i had real priors, record dirty, never worried. it was set to burpees, extra early, 730. i don't know if the afterlifes are given, but i seen niggas lose they spirits and get it back. afterlife was given.
night and grit.
all type.
i'm talking nights in prison.
all types of guards. think lip and scar. i had twice the scars.
no dice or cards. just only write these bars. so believe me, death gotta be easy. life is hard.
what?
yeah!
fuck. we don't fucking do fucking.
so fuck is we talking about? we talking about? no.
death gotta be easy. cause life is hard. they gave me death the kid. no, y 'all just really gave death the kid. my shit cut. oh my god!
oh, man! they gave me death the kid. no, y 'all just gave death the kid. my shit cut deep. i don't really see no death in kid.
respect the kid and be glad that i offered to wreck. it was supposed to be only 90 seconds. don't talk me to death. come on.
all right, give it up for him. final round, it's on death.
hey, hey, hey, hey, hold it down, hold it down. y 'all like that, y 'all like that? all right. hit you one. what's up, man? what's going on? hold on.
be quiet. you know why i never like nerds like you?
cause you be self -incriminating talking about the block you be pushing work right through the worst type. you would think after them cases he would worry about what those words might do. i'm talking paranoid like a conspiracy theorist. cause weren't the fans watching from a bird's eye view? he'd be like, the blocks is hot. any second that the fans read it. we had ratchets coming in by the week. like craig dick. man, shut the fuck up.
i'm just keeping it logical.
beating a case using battle rap petitions, i don't believe that is possible.
nigga, if you really was a man of steel, you would be sleeping in solitude. i'm not into talking about nigga's cases, but i see he had a few against him. my og told me i had to use his wisdom. told me if i leave no prints on the tech like an iphone, it'll be harder to tap into the system. but the only reason why i studied blood was to stay relevant. so i'm gonna add cap like a password
cause it's case sensitive. but those drug bars,
but those drug bars, it's something that you love the most. back in statin c and needles loose really troubled folks.
but you wouldn't wanna be talking about pushing drugs to niggas just to double quotes.
nigga, it felt like beetlejuice cause in those trap houses, there was a couple of goats. you're a fucking joke. i'm talking cops recording fiends as they grab the cam. and me as a kid, like what happened if, y 'all hold it down.
cops recording fiends as they grab the cam and me looking at them, like what happened if, all i saw was a monster with the spoon. like alakazam. nigga spam me with all the drug talk. it sucks dawg. nigga, please don't bore me. i'd rather listen to speaker knockers they hear all those rico stories. this ain't about him. i was raised in shaolin trying to make it poppin. you talk about the future greats, then do this link cause i'm the latest option. nigga, even when my name was dropping, i had to stay motivated in the long run, like david goggins. i had him sick when i was rhyming. nights out, i had to find my way like a lighthouse and keep the lit around the island. so fuck, so try me. you won't like me in the same bag. i'll catch you in a whip, driving in the lane fast, protected with the deuce, like kyrie with the face mask. nigga, there was days i had to think that i wanna be better. i don't wanna be robbing like the niggas that need cheddar. i don't wanna look like a clown, masked up on the school bus like heath ledger. there was days i couldn't even sit. there was days i couldn't even use a mask cause it fit descriptions.
nigga, i felt like a clone too, cause i had to make a split decision. hard working, all the time, got me paid advances. felt like mrs. puff, cause even when i crashed out, i remained expansive. i've been around the board like monopoly. taking my first step, gave me great advantage. but you using that get out of jail free card, ain't gonna work against death. so don't go taking chances. so don't go taking chances. nigga, you will be coming blood. it's something that i never liked. niggas tried to do the same thing to me, but i wasn't a sellout. they can never find a better price. so i found my own lane. so even though i'm unaffiliated, just know i'm still set for life. nigga, battle death, you roll a dice.
yo. yo.
yo. yeah.
he said i tried to use battle rap to be the rico,
and tried to act like he clever.
boy, i was doing so much, they knew my kids needed daddy forever.
and i had to plead out guilty. that's why i beat that shit. i had to eat that shit. that rico is on my rap sheet forever.
my nigga, you wasn't even alive when big and pop got ghost.
was 22 when dolph died and 20 when they got pop smoke. see, he was born the year 2000.
bunch of civilians.
next year when the lea died, he was really one in a million. oh my god. if you from the same state that biggie was back,
if it's like that, the death, then it should get another victory lap. oh god. yo. i really hate this black mamba.
stay put that day.
and now it's death on king of the death. fuck whoever took past that. we can look back. yo.
yo.
yo. we can look back. stay forever.
yeah. yeah. come on. we can look back days. when i was a kid, i had to persevere.
i really bought bud light and wasn't old enough to purchase beer.
no jobs, still the work was clear.
first there wasn't no benefits, then perks appeared. oh my god.
i get you hurt. what the fuck is we doing? fuck this now.
keep going. no job, still the work was clear. first there wasn't no benefits, then perks appeared. i get you hurt for years. he in the cloud like a op cloud storage.
soon as kid wanna jump, then he gonna really get a skyzone for it.
i done had a shortage. i'm trying to feel. i was prepping for death. dead serious. dying to kill. i want in your crib. watch you watching dragon ball. i give two fucks. pistol whip to your skin pink. i don't care if kid booed up.
he will get screwed up. while he in house shoes. leave kid with a bald head. he could btn shousa. you see what i'm saying?
i will hit new york.
undercover. bunch of brothers. squad up. gutter, gutter. this motherfucker.
i say soon as kids show on the island. start letting it sing. gutter, gutter.
boy i will uppercut, beat you to death. tony bro jump in, he gonna beat you to death. i'm leaving nothing.
facts.
i will uppercut, beat you to death. tony bro jump in, he gonna beat you to death. i'm leaving nothing but donors. i will really have the closest thing to death. the closest thing to death. in a coma.
stony. i blaze for fun. i bring heat outside. it ain't the blazing sun. like a good step dad. that's how i praised this gun. it'll pop someone else kid. right after it raised this one. you made this fool.
but right now they stole me a body. yeah i'm cloned. but at least now you know who to copy. you a sacrifice. ever since they told you you got me. know it's cat. if anybody else told you, you got me.
body.
give it up for these guys. yeah.
yeah. got the clean in the kitchen. what i write, take flight. like those dogs releasing a pigeon.
they seeking attention.
and they won't win it. but they don't get it till people is missing. your team get beat in submission. and i just send a key on the mission from cleveland to winston. while i.

<BATTLE>
subscribe, like,
share.
king of the dot,
the youtube channel.
go show that love. you gotta click that bell, the notification joint. that's what everybody be saying. click the bell. hey guys, click the bell. like, go ahead and show that love, man.
["king of the dot"] ayo, king of the dot tvl, massacre six. we in lawrence, make some noise,
yo!
["king of the dot"] ["king of the dot"] i am your host, bermadie. keep your followers on instagram, at kotdtv, at organic hip hop, i've got co -hosts with me.
you, gully tk, subscribe to the youtube channel. shout out to ruin ya day, ghost drops. let's get it, man.
rapper to my right, introduce yourself. yo, chef tres, chef life, salute to everybody in the building. yo, chef tres,
chef life,
salute to everybody in the building. battle to my left, introduce yourself. you already know, xl team, i'm in. i'm in.
let's go.
xl, one of the rock, paper, scissors, it's on chef tres.
let's get it. yo, y 'all hear me?
yo.
i say salute to everybody in the building.
i mean, i ain't gonna lie, it's packed as fuck.
way far from daddy's hill.
i'm kinda confused though, cause we just did that shit, gannick, and i'm used to calling heads and tails.
see, you doing some other shit now,
but that shit make me wanna end them more. see, i raised a pound and lost the coin toss, but this pal raising, i'ma win the war.
they say 90 seconds, i ain't know if i should talk to you or hit your spot with honor, but rather it's 130 or 130, you not surviving. y 'all could not revive him, but on the real, if you panic, you through it. i'ma hit the man with some true shit. like, you know, kenny set this party up for you, right? just for your brand to keep moving?
ken, the reason it's lit for you. it's a family reunion, family so clueless. he talk like he a god, but he don't speak the truth. you know how many people follow god? you can't even get the culture to believe in you. i squeeze a tool on the ground flat when you're deceased. if he asked me what's today's mathematics, i'ma say five, five, six plus two, two, three. it's what you gonna do.
what you gonna do to me? i really bent blocks and call so much chaos and make the rent drop. you only got a small, you only got a, what you gonna do to me? i really bent blocks and call so much chaos and make the rent drop. you only got a small window to escape or get rocked. i'll put a 5 % through the glass. it's a tent shop.
you ain't in a lit spot. bro, hopeless. what happened to your podcast? you were so focused. i would have made a guest appearance on that show loaded. snuck a faux foeing. it would have been a different story on that podcast. like joe rogan. you slow motion. i know you smart though. don't be fucking stupid. i'ma tuck and shoot it. whoever you with, they all get lined. soon as you brung your crew in, get smoked in order. exhale before the rest like an honor student. what you, what you cool bitch?
you just a false god on some fool shit. and we all said you reminded us of papoose, but even he landed better haymakers than you did. i'll slide where you live. this could have been anywhere. dog, i'm heartless catching a murder. they knew it was more than a battery cell when they saw them charges. i've been on a tear. got shit on a string like olive garden. you getting cooked by the chef. it's gonna be a new item on that boston market. dog is garden.
after this battle, i know he gonna be respecting me.
funeral, you'll get buried in that shit. man, gotta let him see. it's crazy his shirts say loud, but our shit gonna say rest in peace.
hey, let's go! let's go! red one, it's on xl, let's go! yo! yo! you said joe rogan podcast.
and that's fire, cause i never cower.
but this bald head that spill your brain, nigga, you could be terrence howard now. now.
now. y 'all, y 'all get me pissed.
cause 10 years in the game, it gets me this.
when every year there's at least five names that i done smoked on any list.
but this is all popularity. and i don't get no friendly pics they think is sweet until i'm dusting a rapper like a pixie stick. bro, i'm a legend.
cause i'll leave earth and go straight into andromeda.
but let's set precedence. i gave niggas more cell balls than kamala.
now, now when.
now, when pala ticking, nigga said you was talking like i'm on chump shit. but soon as i get an ear shot, it's fight. let's see you trump this. you know they say you weigh a. yeah, soon as i get an ear shot, it's fight. let's see you chump this. now you know they say you weigh an ounce less when you die. i think that's just sick. how 28 grams will leave you after one zip. when it come to trading shots.
now when it comes.
now when it come to trading shots, i'm who they come get. they gave cell every caliber something like a gunsmith cause i was trained to be war ready. i was on this since young, bitch. no love shit just had to stick in the powder. fun dip. so i squeeze shots.
i squeeze shots, rebox the pump kick. i treat a 45 like i do in the gym. just lift. life's a movie.
you said life's a movie, right? well, i got clips. let the editing begin. you sit here and make up lies for impressing your friends. i pull up to whatever scene and setting that you in. frame by frame, i shoot. even the extras getting pinned. y 'all know i'm a writer. so it's a plot for treads to get put in and call my name your stone. cause i want credit in the end. i did that. i mean, the gut shot heard him bad. his rims crack or he even bottle rounds. we'll wait till you see these rounds. i kick back. now i get that you clever with the schemes and clever wit and your lack of aggressiveness. make your style seem effortless. they call it the sleepy style. well, nigga, i'll tell you this. you rap like you woke up here. you gonna wish that you never did. i didn't know.
i didn't know brotherly love was something that you condone. but bro, you called me out like you got cell number. well, use the phone.
when i was writing this, i heard you dismiss me with the rudest tone. and then i said, fuck the chef. and you became food at home. i'm a mercenary, nigga.
come on.
let's do it. it's our chef treads. mass six. let's go.
let's go.
he wanted them niggas not to tell. i love it. nigga got all these trap bars like in sales stuff.
nigga talk about pixie sticks and powder.
they mention powder and some other niggas. what you trying to tell us?
you out here sniffing, bro? no.
i mean, i get it, joe.
i smoke weed.
i mean, plus nigga, i got iron on poop.
nigga, you mentioned kamala and trump. you could be a different president after biden or both.
i should be having fun with this shit. sometimes i be stumbling, though i ain't gonna cap it. it gets scary. i be in my head like, who they looking at me waiting on through? i'm getting worried.
but i don't really panic though when these niggas getting in me. like, you're not a true man. take the mask off like jim carrey. cause if you get filed, i raise two cans and shoot at that bucket like rick bear.
i've been doing my thing, but y 'all must be sick of the street.
i mean, they ain't gonna lie, bro. they really gotta be sick of the street.
you gotta understand, bro, everything got spit as you need.
and these niggas wouldn't even wish to sell on they worst enemy off in it, but they had given it to me.
how this nigga, how this nigga leaked. he a slick hater. you supposed to stay out the way and get paid for it. you let your stake down. you should have been major. top of the list range. but boston witness your name get drugged to the bottom. like vin baker, this ain't makeup.
in this culture, honesty is needed.
you're not even the best in your state, let alone the toughest in your region.
it's always 40 that come to mind. i've been drinking.
and chill always gonna have one up on you. you anemic. i've been tweaking.
i've been tweaking. i go from talking to squeezing. my mood is toxic, the type to creep in. now everybody in the room a hostage. i feel bad.
the whole house was in attendance. this is a lot for a human conscience. his wife was there. gannet, i even had to point in front of jason kidd's luca donchich. don't do that.
don't do that. don't do that. don't do that.
don't do that. don't do that. don't do that. don't do that. i respond with a shell first. it's taylor may. desert eagle hit sale. it's a jailbird. but you think you a master with the words? you never mean shit. it's always white ass jazz for them schemes, ain't it? you did see me years ago with blowin' my side. i was a team den. and 10 years later now i'm moving with smack. why test the king's pen? you just a weak bitch on some basic shit. better watch you playin' with shit, get crazy quick.
cato, i just got a new ak to live. and i can't sail with this chop on deck like a navy ship. you shoulda chose the day to quit. i'm gonna fuck up your stock. again, if you got him in the league, you son so bad, they gonna think lebron was his pop.
crazy, grab steve with our next set.
yo.
yo.
yo.
once you understand,
once you understand, you'll get it. my pen is a gift.
see, you shake rooms but catch paws on cam. i mean, it is what it is.
i mean, if it ain't freestyles or rebuttals, they forgetting your shit. cause chef cooks, but that recipe don't stick to the ribs. in battle rap?
in battle rap?
when there's bread on the table, they know i'm apt for that. i used to serve butter for my spinach, dipping through all the abs with crack.
we wasn't winging it. the mood for my team was advanced. fed started addressing us when my man blew cheese on the ranch, but back to the plate.
but back to the plate.
back to the plate.
you'll get fried for the chicken. we bake shit. aa12, break ribs, turn that beef to steak tips. i say this.
i say this, hold on.
i say this.
i say this.
here's a message to anybody that's next to you, don't rescue dude, cause you can either get starched or be a vegetable and left deserted. put in a trunk stuck in a ditch to clip banana, split, it'll crumble your shit. fuck that banana split shit.
that was trash.
i don't even need the gun play. i can scoop them cause we sweet. we should have battled on sunday. in what way?
oh! oh!
oh!
oh! oh! in what way can you say you're a peer to me, dude? i'm serious too. whoever put you in my tear, i'ma sue. you in my kitchen.
you in my kitchen.
now before you go to retort chill, realize this whole round, i just cooked chef a three course meal. don't get.
now don't get, don't get drug in this bitch. cause if he see me, i get to dusting them off. he need a pcp. don't get, don't get drug in this bitch. i was never about play time. these pot lines niggas knew i was dope since yay high. don't get drug in this bitch. i don't know what your team told you. yeah.
yeah.
yeah. yeah.
yeah.
yeah.
don't get drug in this bitch.
i'm not here for the play time. potent lines, niggas knew i was dope since yay high. don't get drug in this bitch. why i don't know what your team told you. well, we paper, we grab joints, roll up. then we smoke you. don't get drug in this bitch.
boy, you give me the wrong tone. start tripping that gun bottom. acid on his jaw bone. don't get drug in this bitch.
i'm the killer type friend. don't give me too much room. cause this is as ill as i've been tried. spin.
i promise it ain't gonna go how you would think. i will leave chef purple taped up somewhere. all over cuban links. time.
time.
friends, friends,
let's go. math six.
one one. crazy man.
one one.
one one. one one. one one. look what i got, i got, i got, i got, i got. tie on this. sit on this shit. bring it on, chef. let's go. yo.
hold it down, y 'all.
y 'all niggas only saying one one cause y 'all hungry.
yeah. y 'all niggas on your mind thinking my round wasn't beating that. nigga scamming about food and all this shit. about chicken until i raise a drumstick and leave them flat.
oh.
oh.
yeah.
i mean,
y 'all be worried about these little bitches pretending.
boy, that astinning clip on that motherfucker look like a chicken tender.
i mean, niggas talking like all this drugs shit. like outside we really be warring on it. like sometimes you gotta make the green look extra good selling for parsley on it.
i mean, we still gonna talk about food and shit. that's how we scheme. it gotta stick to the ribs. i really sold food to the fiends. yo.
i got food.
i got food.
i got food.
hey.
hey.
hey.
hey.
hey.
i fuck with excel. you doing this? that was freestyle, brother. i can't even break it down.
i fuck with excel. buddy should have left me alone though. we both wrong, bro. but it's about as cordial as it's gonna go. you an android or apple user.
which phone, bro?
i just know he going to another galaxy if me and cell get off on a wrong note. but i heard you.
but i heard you been getting strong, bro. doing your dip move. i heard you been getting strong, bro. doing your dip moves, dumbbells, calf raises. he trying to be the big dude, a personal trainer.
i would have said fuck this coach as well, i get you. cause you been sitting on a bench, press, waiting so long, then i would have hit the gym too. but you still.
but you still act like a bitch dude. the boy hating, act wrong, the toy blazing. i'm for sure waving. the handle wood, but the slide chrome. it got a nickel back. pick the formation, there's no more patience.
there's no more patience. you finna die. 22 bullets stay with you. they be moving inside. they locked in a clip, but they come through when it's time. when i freed them, they were still stuck in cell. they institutionalized, they hit us on.
when i freed them, they were still stuck in cell. they institutionalized, they hit his arms. much later, moved to his side, every limb scar. bullets hit his leg, make him limp hard. when the round do come out, it's a big scar. even the bullet stuck in his back. got cell walking around with a sim card.
i said they hit his arms, then they moved to his side, every limb scar. bullets hit his leg, make him limp hard. when the round do come out, it's a big scar. even the bullet stuck in his back. got cell walking around with a sim card. nigga, you ain't in charge? know how quick i can make this bitch a ghost? i'll lick it, bro. hit x for the sub, it's a twitter post. y 'all got to...
y 'all got to lick a hoe. but alec, you the illest of them all. it might seem simple from afar, but it's different when we brawl. you back on the shelves after this. you not the killer they gonna call. i'm putting god's body up. quicker than grandma, i'm hanging pictures on the wall. bro,
you been involved. just not in the crowd with vets. you right, bro. you been here for a decade. how the fuck you do it without respect? i don't get it, that's wild as shit. don't you understand it's been 10 and you ain't found your powers yet?
yo.
that's what it's on itself. let's go. yo, yo,
yo, yo, yo, yo. let's go, let's go.
yo.
all these... all these...
headshot gun bars.
bro, i point down with the pump.
when i'm aiming treasure in your chest, i leave rounds in your trunk. now, now somebody talk to him.
cause i leave him outlining, end up chalking him.
you see he wanted props, now they got to prop him up so he could walk again. i'm gone with it. i'm gone with it. i ate an emerald tablet, start hallucinating. now my mind can enlighten the room when i'm illuminating. i killed my four devils. i can tell you what to do with satan. so all that demon time, let's be frank. you ain't doing nathan this levels, nigga.
i need you to get to the point. your bars, hella filler. use a bitch and your brother to shoot her. you sheryl miller, but now you came to mass.
use a bitch and your brother to shoot her. you sheryl miller, but now you came to mass and face the respective killer. every column about me will tell you, excel or pillar, ruger grip.
nigga, ruger grip, that 45 by the scrotum like a cougar bitch, so fill these shelves.
ruger grip, 45 by the scrotum like a cougar bitch, so fill these shelves. you may weather some pain, be elusive bitch, or go to the hands. super quick left jab, two fist chipped. you know x -box or wide jump, like a user pick. i mean, i use.
oh!
let's go!
i mean, i mean, i mean i use a pick cause i wanted this ice and it had frost on it. see i hit his chest so i could see how he feel, but now it's thoughts on it, the blade serrated.
so it kinda got stuck when it ejected. now i got a piece of his mind. can y 'all see it from his perspective? stay collected.
stay collected.
interjected, right cross, intersected, and when disconnected it left, all of this disconnected. now watch my stock rise.
you know that i'm different when you know forex. i mean, i brought the fore in to give dots to your mob like it was forex. the streets said lock in, let them know who this was forex and it's a big body, so put him on a t like a forex. i kick it, yo, i kick it old school, rugged style. i'm like a gore -tex, no goldberg on spearshit in the ring, but nigga, you're next. i will gladly bag this trash. it ain't a fore -slex, see i can foresee it's about to get rough here like the corset. the corset for me to bring your avmurder, no corset. i push up on you and lace the body like a corset. it's crunch time.
i said i can foresee it's about to get rough here like the corset. the corset for me to bring your avmurder like corset. i push up on him and lace the body like the corset. it's crunch time. can you stomach the pain like doing corsets because i bare cans. you get your six pack blue like the corset. some chill, nigga. time. team hun. i don't know.
i don't know. i don't know. people, people, people.
got the clean in the kitchen. what i write, take flight like ghost dog releasing a pigeon.
they seeking attention and they won't with it, but they don't get it till people is missing. your team get beat in submission.
and i just send them. key on the mission from cleveland to winston. while i.

<BATTLE>
subscribe, like,
share.
king of the dot, the youtube channel.
go show that love. you gotta click that bell, the notification joint. that's what everybody be saying. click the bell. hey guys, click the bell. like, go ahead and show that love, man.
king of the dot, tbl, mass 6. make some noise, yo!
yeah!
i'm your host, gully tk. subscribe to youtube, instagram, all that, the tbl squad. hey, jilla jones, kingpin of new england, takeover battle league. mass 6, make some noise!
yeah!
takeover battle league, zayn.
king of the dot, we here. this is one i'm really, really, really interested in, man. i want to keep it down for the ladies, all right? let's get it. all right, let's get into it. this is going to be crazy. battler, to my right, introduce yourself. it's your girl, yoshi g. you already know what the fuck time it is. let's get it. yeah! yeah!
battler, to my left, introduce yourself. you already know it's your girl, shy rack. springfield, mad shit, big tbl shit, queen of new england, free my fucking brother, i've been state greens, nigga. you already know it, longer than my day.
all right. shy rack won the coin toss. it's on yoshi whenever you're ready.
i say, yo!
who raps as real, a lady?
you rap like you so tough and springfield so rough. that still amaze me. i came to get money. i rap for the hoes, like skillababy. and i know hoes who flip they ppp in 600 a week,
never got to work again.
i know other hoes who spent they ppp in a weekend. it's a spectrum. the stimulus different for everybody. grip the shoddy. don't try to shame my pussy. we not the same.
i'm driving fast in the middle lane.
my thought process different. i got a little fame. i could be in philly right now with an eagle.
they know i'm not lying. i don't got to say a name, but this a different eagle, a desert eagle. and like that other eagle, it cannot be tamed. i'm really lit.
i'm really lit. he gonna pull up, give me the dick, hand on some philly shit. she gave me.
i said, i'm really lit. he gonna pull up, give me the dick, hand on some philly shit. she gave me her back. and consider it. i was gonna split her shit, but sucker sucker punch, as soon as you turn around, i'll flip a bitch. you know.
you know what? i could rap like a real g irl.
cause i'm a g in real life.
i don't need a fight.
i say, you know what? i could rap like a real g irl.
cause i'm a g in real life. i don't need a fight. i'm a fly bitch now. so if i pull the nine out, i won't pull it out for nothing. think about your life right now. i'm all by myself. no co -defendants. i'm solo selling. you know, the people you put in your business, that's the people that's gonna tell it. i don't give a fuck.
i don't give a fuck who with you. i'm little like a yorkie when i bark, but when i bite, it's like a pit bull. and your dog couldn't fuck from the back. he a french bull. i've been a train.
i've been a train at every big event. name on the car next to a visa print. dish your in, split your chin. with a buck 50, meet my twisted friend. going, oh fuck.
going 10 for 10 with a big blade. looking for something to stick it in.
i pick your skin through thick and thin.
something like a fat bitch that just wanna be slim again. boston baby, i've been your man, no franklin. ain't no saving rat after i get the spin. might nick the rim, shooting my shot at a old flame. bet i won't miss again.
i mean.
i mean, i can't let you be the one that got away. they want me to lose. that mean i gotta win. i've been taking my stress out in the boxing gym. every event, i see my opp is not fun. never knowing if she might rush something. recovering addict. i've been in a venue avoiding bars like lush one. get the know me.
get the know me. every bitch up in the game gonna fall. ask about me. yo, she g, bitch the name says it all.
nice.
bottom of the first, let's get it. go rock.
i said, what up, pink misha?
on my bad, y 'all.
yo, she g.
but i don't really think yo, she g.
ain't nothing about this bitch tough. thought bars.
bitch, that's just another way to say you fucking suck. enough's enough.
let's just call a spade a spade. when it comes to a fade, i'm cut different. i'm like that bad spades partner, i cut bitches. oh.
i said, i'm like that bad spades partner, i cut bitches. oh, you got your little titties done.
oh,
you got your little titties done.
got a couple of incisions.
that's ironic, cause rack the reason she under the knife again, but the cut different.
oh, jeez. i'd have turned everything go up into opportunity. i'm only here for the attention, but you ain't never schooling me. it'll go from thinking you a g to eulogies. i'm like a, it'll go from thinking you a g to eulogies. i'm like a stolen iphone. ain't really nothing you could do with me. stupid bitch.
she be like.
bitch, what the fuck happened with motherhood? oh.
see that type of shit be bugging me. i ain't here worrying about a rap battle. you should have been battling for custody. oh. you an unfit bitch. oh.
you an unfit bitch. and y 'all get no respect. but you already know this. you should have been focused on your family guy. this type of mother, the lowest.
you did a bitch.
you did a bitch for a nigga. lost your kids for a nigga. you said your grandmother had to go and get them.
bitch, you was better off just swallowing your kids. cause they still ended up in the system. oh.
bitch girl.
ah.
ah. ah. ah.
ah.
ah. ah. yes bitch.
what is going on y 'all?
hold it down.
i said this bitch dumb. i'm saying that to my dm. always in drama. but her favorite role to play is victim. if i shoot this bitch right now, she'll probably drink cum. bitch you a bitch.
oh.
you are rad through.
you are rad through.
bitch you are rad through.
oh you think it's cool cause you admit this shit.
every battle the same thing. okay you suck hella dick. we get it bitch.
but make it make sense. you out here getting fucked for no benefit.
all you getting returned is dick and ball sacks, bitch no sacks fifth.
you even said you was a homeless hoe. god damn she sad. you mean to tell me you out here fucking niggas for they pen and you ain't even got a pad.
three kids.
that's nasty.
three. and you ain't even got a. that's nasty. and you ain't even got a pad. three kids, three baby dads. and the only person to put you in the ring was babs. she.
oh.
she down bad.
she just came out. she just came out. she just came out. let's go. she down bad. we actually liked you better when you was skinny a part of the itty bitty titty committee. hella rad shit no plastic.
we actually liked you better when you was skinny a part of the itty bitty titty committee. hella rad shit no plastic. not a bitch fakers her titties. every battle a bad wig. this bitch needed remy. ghost riders. but y 'all put faith in her. it was no biggie. no really.
every time you go online and drop tiered you drop tiered. that's why you'll never be top tier. eight years, bitch i'm a one to one. we are not peers. go. nice.
all right. all right.
all right.
all right. round two. let's go. let's go. let's go. they always do good first up. all right. all right. all right. thank you.
you got a pad. that was good. they always do good first up. all right. that was hard.
all right. all right. that was good shit.
hey.
let's rewind back.
when you was thinking of a stage name and came up with shy rat.
what inspired that?
if it's not a place that you idolize and it's not where you reside at.
must be a time lapse.
did she spell it c -h -e -y -r -a -q?
google it. see if you find that. shy rat should get her springfield city prize snatched. these rounds are new. i could have shown you a shy rat.
i mean, i just battered a bitch from the rat. oh stop that. and i bet this bitch don't even know where o block at. so obsessed with otf. the bitch probably got a king von tat. you need to...
you need to close your lid. see what you selling me zork cap? this stolen land anyway, a redesign map. and that's support nepotism. go from big slap to loose slap. fuck with shy on. oh ho ho ho ho.
fuck with shy on. bow, let's see if her posture strong. these shots are open her up. she won't be shy for long. you're not a legend shy.
you're not a legend shy.
that shy day, shocker calm. shoe shot in her third eye until her shock was gone. oh!
i shot many in the name of this rap shit. i kept hip hop in me. and i got plenty legendary battles. i'm talking pac biggie, k. dot drizzy, take you out the game, but it's more like jot 50. i'm top.
i'm top fem c. but if i cock the blinky,
ay yo, i'm giving shy glizzies.
pretty little thing like me letting the twin sisters blow the sig. i'm figuring that lisa magga blow you to smithereens. hit your sip son. turn your hometown springfield to a murder scene. i'm about to kill this bitch.
don't tell me how to raise my kids. it's not your business bitch.
we both was teen mothers. that mean we both was statistics. every battle i keep reminding these bitches. so what you don't post third strap pictures cause you're a mom. that's fucking dope. it's actually respectable as hell.
that's fucking rare.
okay, well clearly we parent in different. you have one baby and stop. i kept having babies nonstop. cool it.
okay.
you have one baby and stop. i kept having babies nonstop. clearly you make better decisions, but that where it's different.
i'm not getting it. i mean, i like top tier.
no, we could do that next round. where she from? springfield. oh yeah, i say the semi hitter. fuck how springfield is gonna be a chilly winter.
i'll really kill her. crash in her full house. i'm kimmy gibbler. you can't do that.
i said the semi hitter. fuck how springfield is gonna be a chilly winter. i'm really killer. crash in her front house. crash in her full house. i'm kimmy gibbler. you penny pincher. they told me to go say it with my chest. so i went and got my titties bigger. get the nomie.
get the nomie. every bitch up in the game gonna fall. ask about me. yo, she g. bitch the name says it all. i said you poor pussy management. how have you been out of school?
yeah.
i said you poor pussy management. have a nice bitch.
the way you be living is tight wild.
i mean, you know what's called the whole phase for a reason?
y 'all bitches made it a lifestyle.
bitch you thirst trap. i was in the trap. thirst. i had to get it the harder way. fiends came to me cause i ain't have a scale. i was down there giving the harder way. what?
what?
what? what?
what? what? what? what?
i said.
i said this bitch.
i said, i said bitch you thirst trap. i was in the trap. thirst. i had to get it the harder way. fiends came to me cause i ain't have a scale. i was down there giving the harder way. first at 15th, both of them shit fall like a holiday.
first at 15th, both of them shit fall like a holiday. came in a trap with just a penny. left that bitch ballin' like penny hardaway. i'm calling all the plays.
for my son's sake. calling all the plays. for my son's sake. sunday to sunday. yoshi known for the games. i don't play unless it's gun play. my new model got a crazy switch. she sound like we on a runway.
i said my new model got a crazy switch. she sound like we on a runway. she turning up on a tuesday.
yeah, cause she went missing on monday.
what the hell?
bitch what you gonna say? let's go red.
bitch what you gonna say?
bitch what you gonna say? she hella foul.
but let's touch on a little like pedophiles.
but let's touch on a little like pedophiles. you lost three kids to the state. so you down three -oh in real life. that's hella wild. she sound like that.
you the type that's fresh.
i said that's hella wild. bitch settle down. you be oh so fresh. you threw a water bottle at 40. thought she was gonna battle still.
well you could catch every round from this 40.
let's see if she could battle still.
y 'all be prepared. you needed a shot from bars to get a buzz. was gonna get fucked up either way. i don't care if it's sugar or rim. we had enough of your cocktails. you go for one round straight.
that's nasty word.
that's nasty word. go. i said you needed a shot from bars to get a buzz. was gonna get fucked up either way. i don't care if it's sugar or rim. we had enough of your cocktails. you go for one round straight. no debate. this is the pregame. shirley temple, her punch is light. i'll leave her jaded like jd. bitch we all seen the fight. all i know is. oh shit.
i'll leave her jaded like jd.
bitch we all seen the fight. all i know is her wig got left and she got hit with a right. fuck that hype.
i keep quiet but my actions speak. so don't provoke me. i keep, hold on. i keep quiet but my actions speak. so don't provoke me. i ain't with the gangs but i will knock a mario coin out of your shit. and she's dead.
right.
all right.
final round, it's on yoshi.
final round, it's on yoshi.
hey,
she's fired. hey, you're giving me too much credit.
it's no magic trick taking dick.
you just lay on your back.
trust me, it's not a reach.
it's like i actually saw through ya. i got famous off talking about sucking dick like hawk tua.
oh!
that's kinda good.
and the craziest part,
the craziest part, it's all word of mouth. they never even saw me do it. hey, massacre, what's up? what's up?
oh my god, i'm having such a great time tonight. hey, you know why bitches fear me now?
even if i'm not his type, he gonna be like, hear me out, talking about us.
facts, facts,
facts. talking about i sit on dicks to get on.
negative, i sit on dicks to get off. dying. you know what i'm saying?
let's go, yoshi. right, right, right. fuck it. talking about i sit on dicks to get on.
negative, i sit on dicks to get off. i got famous cookie like amos or biscoff.
oh my god.
thomas is known to be. motherfucker biscoff. y 'all running this blockhead, that's crazy. oh my god.
i know y 'all, oh man. he got biscoff.
biscoff, he got a biscuit. i say,
i got famous cookie like amos or biscoff. i'm mrs. known to piss a bitch off. oh no, you're not buying that? it's not shocking to see. name it marcus. i don't even want you broke bitches shopping with me. i just, i just like rappers.
i wanna marry a dope boy and see like beyonce.
you know how i feel about you?
kanye, we could go band for band, g for g, staff for stacks. here's a cold fact, chilla gave me racks for one rack. that's not a battle. it's a pyramid scheme, a money exchange. i walk bitches down. what?
what?
i said, here's a cold fact.
chilla gave me racks for one rack. that's not a battle. it's a pyramid scheme, a money exchange. i walk bitches down now. you left them changed. so put some respect on my fucking name. talking about niggas i fucked five years ago. i'm in my thirties now. i don't even fuck the same.
i'm grown, i'm grown pussy grown now.
what's up?
hey. we got new movies.
hey, hey, i'm in a honey cake truck switching lanes. i got rich pussy now. it don't even hit the same.
you got it fucked up.
my whole face been over with. plus how you gonna get rich? you gonna call me a thot and your old nigga couldn't even hit.
ain't that something? how i curved them so you could cuff them?
yes, it is.
yes, it is.
hey, hey, because i believe in love. and that's what i saw when i used to see him.
so how am i a thot? i'm actually a rough rider the way your ex was sneaking my dim but. hey.
why'd you get on and leave him?
what's team?
tell us what he did to make you leave. i heard that money he was gambling with was to get you a ring. he lost the game, but he just wanted to win your heart. he's still a man.
hey,
she ignored his calls. he crashed out, made other plans. if it sound like i'm blaming you, it's because i am.
i mean, i had to. cause how you end up leaving him and he faced nothing but bad news.
niggas could have thrashed him, ruined him. he could have reached god.
you lucky you wasn't losing him. they said all he had to do was shut up. but he thought if he just babbled on he would defeat jerusalem. i had to.
oh.
oh. oh. hey, i had a dream about a castle. i know i'm the queen. welcome to the culture. be careful when you speaking on me. and when you bow down to suck one of these battle rap niggas dick, just know they thinking of me. get the number.
every picture from the gang gonna fall. ask about me. yo, she, g, which of the names says it all?
hi.
bottom to third.
wrap it up, let's get it.
raise.
i said this little bitch a jailbird.
what was your inmate number?
304?
what was your inmate number?
304? your little whore.
that part was killing me.
304? your little whore.
that's about the only time she ever got hooked and stood behind some bars that was actually yours. bitch, shut the score. you ain't hot if you bitch warm. she should have joined basketball to me cause all she do was lay up, post pics and be surrounded by the d. yo, she, g.
yo, she, g.
you got fucked in the gang cause you wasn't really active.
you let them g bang just to bang g? that's backwards.
i know some reals, i know a real g that'll check her then g check her. she ain't gang for real. bitch, you a toy gun with the orange tape. you ain't bang for real. you a lame for real. so try to fuck up my rounds. then we squaring up. so try angles. i got a cute four five. so you better have a right angle. cut hanging.
i said, try to fuck up my rounds. then we squaring up. so try angles. i got a cute four five. so you better have a right angle. cut hanging. lafala blood stains on the stainless. i don't even gotta dump this shit. i will pistol whip her till she a vegetable. now vegan ver may actually want the bitch. you be on they dicks.
i said, now vegan ver may actually want the bitch. you be on they dicks. even jack boy may said he hit. i ain't forget.
you know that was first lady's flame? what a dirty bitch. she let jack in a box. a little wine in his lint.
no!
y 'all that's crazy.
y 'all that's crazy. i can't stand it.
that's sick.
i said,
she let jack in a, she let jack in a box. a little wine in his lint. if that was me or gp, i wouldn't have gave jack shit. what don't you get? we supposed to be queens.
you know, move like royalty.
i leave this girl cold. since she know nothing about loyalty, you were harder than me. girl cold is crazy. that's why i don't fuck with none of you dots.
i keep a small circle and bitch i been got in a dot.
when your pussy got low mileage, you could get wiped in the spot. man.
when your pussy got low mileage, you could get wiped in the spot. bitch, i'll leave puddles on the bed i literally get wiped in the spot.
look,
i said,
when your pussy got low mileage, you could get wiped in the spot. bitch, i'll leave puddles on the bed. i literally get wiped in the spot. cooked but clean. bitch, pick up a pot. pick up a mop. this wifey material. y 'all can listen to bars from a dock. bitch, stop.
don't you know your daughters is watching this shit?
don't you know they gotta see you, bitch?
every day they gotta look.
hold on, hold on, hold on.
i said, don't you know your daughters gotta watch?
every day they gotta look, bitch. i just hope they don't follow in your steps. just look at your digital footprint.
that's where i'm at. give it up for that woman. give it up for that woman.
thank you. thank you. thank you. thank you. thank you.

<BATTLE>
subscribe, like,
share.
king of the dot,
the youtube channel.
go show that love. you gotta click that bell, the notification joint. that's what everybody be saying. click the bell. hey guys, click the bell. like, go ahead and show that love, man.
king of the dot, tbl, mass 6, make some noise, yo.
yeah!
i'm your host, gully tk. subscribe to the youtube channel. i got the tbl family with me. hey, trilla jones, kingpin of new england. take over battle league. mass 6, make some noise.
ceo, aka the cognac connoisseur, big tbl shit. we at mass fucking 6.
there's nothing else to say. let's get into it. it's movie time.
battle it to my right. introduce yourself. elijah street, south side.
dip -tet. south side.
battle it to my left. introduce yourself.
hey, they call me danny. i rap a little bit. hey, thanks for having me.
elijah won the coin toss.
let's get to it.
king of the dot.
i'm finally back.
glad y 'all could provide a plate.
nigga, the way you was all in j2 face when y 'all was arguing, i don't know if elijah, first of all, you open it.
ah! ah!
hey, that's three seconds.
hey, hey, hey, make it in three seconds.
for real, i'm the ghost, nigga.
king of the dot. king of the dot. i'm finally back.
glad y 'all could provide a plate.
nigga, the way you was all in j2 face when y 'all was arguing,
i don't know if elijah, first of all, you don't want it with these hands. that's a disaster waiting. this right hand done sent more niggas back
procrastination. this nigga.
hold on, though. this nigga try to get tough with me. like, danny, you don't know where i'm from. oh, he knows violence. everywhere you look, there's people on the road dying. even four -year -old sloan iron. i said, damn, nigga, you from god? he said, no.
rhode island. that shit had me. you in new england, nigga? nigga, that shit had my soul crying. knife out. i'll butterfly him and another fight him. he didn't know he was down behind these bars. i'll turn rhode island into shutter island. nigga, i'm fucking violent.
bitch, i'm fucking violent. i'll push your face through a glass if i'm on you. then i'll push your head through a door. they should have warned you. leave people alone. you never know what they going through. look out.
bitch ass, nigga. hey.
what up, nigga?
you never know what they going through.
yo, nigga, nigga, nigga.
yo, nigga.
let's go. let's go.
look what i'm showing you. what else?
fuck you. hey, fuck you. hey, look what i'm showing you. fuck i look like going to war with a rapper.
me and my niggas take bets on if a body going to fall forward or backwards. my life done happened.
my life had horrible chapters.
we into extortion and kidnapping.
that street shit. you don't want to do that with me. bitch, we veying peoples like we trying to start a new jack city. two gats with me.
two gats with me. no cereal. i'll leave the whole shop.
organic think i'm trying to steal his style from his ghost traps. if you don't think i'm going to kill you, put your assumptions aside. me and my niggas load artillery, jump in a rod. they're going to say it was a mad shooting, but only one nigga died.
what?
i'm the go -er.
only one nigga died.
put your assumptions aside or it's going to get dark. my team slogan is asking niggas what time is it like sunset pork. bar god. a glock will make this man vanish. on site we do walk -ups and standovers.
grand canyon. you trash.
you trash and i can't stand it. you trash and i can't stand it. that's why these writers stay cock. they can't compare us. i can never write a straight line like michael j. fox. he's the plot.
hey.
he's the plot.
i cramp behind him. he ain't know it. all i do is straight facts. i talk to these bullets like sending my kids to the store. y 'all better go there and straight back.
my boys described the hood. my boys described the hood. my aim with this four -five is good. if you want to test it from lord of the ring, i wish elijah would.
what?
i'm good, son.
i'm good, son. they say you got a crazy flow, myers. you can't beat me here or put nothing on a radio flyer. i'm speed loading. soon as i see him, i'm an air to eight. you'll be found in a body of water as soon as i get my bearings straight.
i do this every day. and you on the ground with this shit.
he's got all the other shit.
yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
y 'all ready? y 'all ready?
i say, yo, y 'all ready?
i had my nigga ken phone like i need me a vet.
as far as new niggas, this is the nigga that keep them in check.
i'm not no new nigga. but what i saw what you did is a flare soul. i'm like, all right, he needed respect. i ain't gonna bring up your kids. i'm not gonna bring up your wife. the things that people expect. i'm just gonna beat you to death. i ain't even bringing back the 12k.
because neither did rex. what's popping, kocd?
what's popping, kocd?
what's popping, kocd?
this my debut. so not spazzing wouldn't sit well. you gotta learn a lesson. so i gotta make a good first impression. it's denzel. let's skip the answers.
let's skip the answers. we from new england, right? you can really make a nigga finish. these are our parts of town. you and the kids stomping grounds. it's a tip potential. they gave me this danny.
they gave me this danny. they gave me this danny hoe. he hit my line like i'm giving you a shot click. i don't even answer those. i ain't hunt for your boy. i'm just up here for the coin. i'm earl managold. i'm gonna do you damage.
y 'all better act like y 'all know me. i'm not playing with you niggas.
keep going.
i'm earl managold.
i'm gonna do you damage though. show you how to game work.
show you how to game work. get too close. i'm gonna put you on a plane. sure. back up. i need my personal space. i feel like a -verve. i'm a show dan. i'm a show dan.
i'm a show dan. i'm a show dan. i'm a show dan. send you back to where you came from old man. you ever seen the movie up? i'm about to have you float into your homeland. you already know dan.
you already know dan. get removed with ease. that parallel universe was never cool to me. i only set the movie up. cause now they at his house doing a balloon release. i don't get you hoes.
it's about that time. what are we doing?
aye!
aye!
aye!
i don't give a fuck.
i don't give you hoes. i don't give you hoes. i don't give you hoes. i don't give you hoes. twerk broke the bar guard chain. i watched this nigga fool. this nigga got nervous and shy. couldn't even look twerk in the eye. it's sicko mode. you finna get exposed.
you finna get exposed. you know what tom bro. you finna get exposed. i grab the shovel and get to digging low. i got a place for you made out underneath. it's a mistletoe. you niggas know. made out underneath.
niggas know.
niggas know. i was top five five years ago. i'm quoting the danny. that's why niggas can't stand me. i done made more enemies than stan lee. man please.
i done made more enemies than stan lee. i done made more enemies than stan lee. i done made more enemies than stan lee. man please. i'm a line partner. gonna need like five nurses. nine doctors. they might not believe it. i just call it like i see it. it's crime stoppers. we ain't beefing.
yo turn up man!
what we doing man? turn up! what we doing?
it's crime stoppers! we ain't beefing!
but all that tweeting makes a nigga death go easier. should have withheld all that talking. that was the nail in the coffin. it's necrophilia. i told my daughter.
yo i told my daughter i would smoke this nigga. and be a problem up in here. i assured you harm. and my word is bomber. it's a promise to appear. i am here.
it's game time. it's game time. you finna die cause you ain't live. you just a filly. like a nail tape. but i'd rather watch paint dry. i'm smoking.
i'm smoking your door. it's like elijah. this your shot. you better go for it all. so i ain't even clean up the crime scene. cause y 'all told me to leave it all on the floor. i'm a dog.
they 714 in the book matthew. but he came to get this way. i just thought he was rocking the room.
this nigga thought he was rocking the room. but it's not like a boom. nigga was talking about that movie up. to me and your bitch playing pop the balloon.
that real shit. all that shit was trash. them raps that you said. nigga was talking about stan lee. you can't make no cameo after you dead. bitch. that was a ball.
ay. let's go.
this is where stuff worsens for a tough person.
let's get to some real shit and set aside all these gun person.
do you believe in a parallel universe?
i do. i do.
this all feels familiar.
i thought i was tripping. but i was sir. all these years i'm back on king of the dot. paddling rough nigga. the us version.
your style is tethered to his.
look how the fans see you. you know what happens when you get one nitty off a team move. i don't believe you.
i don't believe you. your style belong in the trash. the way he rap just makes me want to see his whole career underneath a bin like casey affleck. here's the crazy aspect. oh my god.
here's the crazy aspect. you're a reflection of another man. this is what i say. take that fucking mirror down like bishop rodante. i lifted an osprey. i lifted an osprey. you finna meet death soon. the coroner said straight through. it ain't a flash moon. i'm from the west fool. i realize this is not an event.
this that moment when dj quick this mca on dollars and cent.
s t r i a t. now should i continue. he left out the g because the g ain't in you. you're a bitch.
you leave a bitch.
you're a bitch. you leave a bitch with no holes after women tell me bitches curve straight like a protractor. i smoke rappers. the glockman to touch you. i got shots with his fucker. we hit bodies where niggas be parking at. it's lost to discover.
it's lost. my block was the toughest. my man just came home after a couple strikes. he killed his wife because she was cheating. now he doing a double like i had to hustle white at 15.
now he's doing a double life. i had to hustle white at 15. i started with a zip band. came back to the club and said i'll take 10 of them like it man.
you just be punching. you just be punching. saying some shit. hoping to shit land. i had to put an angle in between these rounds like a kickstand.
there's a starting five of punches. you'll never be the sixth man. you got to show me proof. you belong in here like a wristband.
the fistband. i destroy rivals. i got a pair of twins that'll make this ily boy viral.
nigga this shit from the bible.
you ain't got no flow chill. he came all the way from providence for me to get a road kill.
hold chill.
he on the ground with this shit.
that's too many.
bottom of the second.
all i do is punch. remember that.
hey yo it's second round and it's time to rock.
usually you got to research a nigga when you're trying to find your ass.
but danny like to run his mouth so much you gonna know his life story whether you trying or not. it's not wise or smart. told us about your wife addiction.
couldn't find your children. that's why you get lined a lot. why you always got to chat? what's up? it sound like casana. you move very weird.
you move very weird. that's part of the reason you ain't have the best career. you ain't supposed to be the goat but out here getting smoked by niggas that ain't even legend here. very clear. you walk around this whole acting on debonair. on this card i was supposed to battle franchise but they gave me a nigga whose business is everywhere. i might fave you.
i might fave you. you can rap but the details of your life fave you. i blame you. i blame you. you ain't have to tell us about the struggles of your bright angel. you have better flows and better bars but that battle it might change you. cause it don't matter if it get greater dan. long as they got the right angle.
damn.
it don't matter if you're greater dan.
my nigga you a clown.
it's not just the llama beans and your stupid rounds. it's how you move around. and you wonder why the culture don't give you the crown. they do what you allow. the rest of your west coast partners are all proven now. and this one was supposed to be too. it's a unibrow. but it's like hold on.
and yo hold right there. cause he claim he put the west on. that's facts that you won't find here. that was geetse rung. niggas who came in after you. and you got blown by clear. you have never stood out in any group you was with. it's forever so i fear. wait. you was a part of writer's block. i had no idea.
it's getting. it's getting.
i had no idea. and yo it's getting bad for your man. you was never packing the stands. no actual brand. if you want me to stop. just say the magic word. like aller can sit. now i'm back on your.
now i'm back on your man. all these weird bars. we are not finna catch it on cam. i don't even know what i'm rapping with here. i be better off battling fans. like maybe that nigga in the black jeans. like brown eyes and coarse hair. that nigga in the red shirt.
sit him down for a whole year.
that nigga in the yellow jacket. what else? it's gonna sting and leave a hole too. that nigga with the white coat on the wall. i really paint this whole room. we flame ops.
hey. hey.
i really paint this whole room. we flame ops. i wouldn't trade it for nothing. it's gamestop. my name hot. they can't wait till i land.
we flame ops. i wouldn't trade it for nothing. it's gamestop. my name hot. they can't wait till i land.
we gonna be here all day.
we flame ops. i wouldn't trade it for nothing. it's gamestop. my name hot. they can't wait till i land. like bangkok. get your brains rock. do the job once. we don't wait stops. never hit the same place twice. it's a rain drop. you ain't hot.
you ain't hot. never hit the same place twice. it's a rage rock. you ain't hot. spank rock, staying in the same spot. then you never beat another name. it's a tank top. slide on him. it's brains rock. beat another name. slide on him. it's brains rock. die on him. it's brains rock. my first stage, but i'm daring my first name like mookie blaylock. i told you he can't rock.
i told y 'all he can't rock. i ain't finna lie.
i told y 'all he ain't rock. i ain't finna lie. to keep it real, my nigga came here to die. and i always think that's y 'all the truth until you look straight in the eyes. face your the mob.
face your the mob. comparing our opinions, even flaker to try. y 'all gonna see ours different in a minute. it's 8 .59. time.
oh.
oh.
oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. it's the christian saga.
it's the worst design.
your stock low, so a ward in your style. you must be out of your mind. who's street? him? don't get out of line. you wanna be with the horseman. why? they looked at the cars you was dealt. said, i'm sorry straight, but this a full house and you can't beat this four of a kind. he claims he's a christian.
he claims he's a christian. but you troll shit. you a whole bitch. i swear to god, i'm gonna punch your face with a closed fist.
i swear to god, i wanna punch your face with a closed fist. you stole a nigga style. copy this move to oppose this. nigga, you ain't from rhode island. you road dicks. you cold.
you cold. you cold switch. you cold switch. that's why i'm destroying your soul. i can choose from left or right, so i stuck a fork in a road. let's set the record straight.
let's set the record straight. you face the face with your demons straight. i'll demonstrate. they sealed your fate the way i draw. they know i'm the illest straight with a straight face.
nigga, with a straight face. with a straight face. i'll hit straight face with a ruger. get straight to the point. i'll give straight to business. i'm a straight shooter. i got straight to it. i got straight to it. when they made the deposit, i was waiting and plotting. waiting my options. i kicked in the ghost.
started eliminating my target. he tried to run and hide. ain't it ironic? i had to drag this straight nigga out of the closet. you'll be shot when we rock this.
you'll be shot when we rock this. i copped the burner. it's a gruesome scene when it's gotta be murdered. paramedics can tell if he was straight or not. like bobby smurter. i'd be further.
i'd be further.
i'd be further if i didn't give out shots every week and they'd appreciate that.
but these cars be lacking bars and i came to alleviate that. let's be facts. i work hard. i don't be tripping how y 'all do me. i just be trying to help these funny niggas come up like paul mooney. it's all loony. niggas be in spaces. tripping over words. somebody had to talk to this culture like frozenberg. this shit is so disturbed. this shit is so disturbed.
we be seeking for classics. we put on cars like masks but the drama be reaching the masses. bitch, i am teaching you classics. it ain't all about stunting. you can spit a million bars and still don't be talking about nothing. this is what it's all about, youngin'. i hope you feel it in your soul. i hope if you seen marv and rex yesterday, leave us old niggas alone.
organic!
organic! if it's not ill, man, i ain't gonna pick up my phone. nigga, i'm cold.
you on the ground with this shit? thank the lord he ain't got another round of this shit.
yes!
i say yo!
yes! yo!
yo, yo, yo,
yo! then you're through.
i told you first round that we banished you. this was a trap soon as you walked in. you seen panic room, i don't need plans for you. if all i do is punch, why they let me handle you? it's like pin the tail on the donkey. i'm a complete animal. i knew dan -uh, i knew dan -uh. i'm a complete animal. i knew, i knew dan -uh. yeah, yeah.
if all i do is punch, why they let me handle you? it's like pin the tail on the donkey. i'm a complete animal. i knew dan -uh, die or surrender in a cool manner. you can still kneel on the bright side. i'm a moon lander. i pull up and i f -150. it got two cameras sliding in a pickup truck. i feel like bruce banner. i never knew.
i never knew man is the type to kick the door on a whole mission. catch you on the john and jackson like pope piction. you got so many kids, you can start a country. nigga, go get them. how you gonna, go get them. how you gonna lead and support a nation when you don't listen? that was so different.
i ain't gonna lie. that was so different. i ain't gonna lie. i got this battle, i ain't waste no time. i wrote these in the hyperbolic time chamber. i just couldn't let a day go by. i got this smoke. oh my god. i just couldn't let a day go by. i might just smoke them. send them up to heaven over a slight commotion till the gates quit. so have a safe trip. he micro -dosing. do you believe?
have a safe trip.
he micro -dosing. do you believe in a parallel universe? i do. i do. i do. he micro -dosing was learned early. my little cousin was popping pills and he got one that was for sure dirty. i used to tell him to stay by the family. he'll be for sure sturdy. i told that nigga they was strength in numbers and then he died from a perc 30. enough's enough.
enough's enough.
enough's enough. you was chasing a dream, trying to get in front of lux while your wife was home stuck on the glass like a sucky cup.
enough.
right, right.
this nigga a bum! he lied! lox ignored you! that's probably karma for forgetting your son! you missed every single halloween and that's why myers never went on a run! you are pure disgrace! you are pure disgrace! how you go 20 plus years without seeing your children's face when you're supposed to be the head of household like squidward's place? these are intense!
these are intense layers! wait, who had your kids while you were trying to get lit, player? you had an addict watching the euphoria? for ya, zendaya is lit, dan!
for ya, zendaya is lit, dan! is lit, dan! and in a battle rap clip it's lit, dan! and ain't battle rap promo when i click, dan! you try to run, i'ma get you backstage! it's a wristband, punch like it -man!
punch like it -man! your life go from this band to this band over this man! don't let your cash get me in my bag! i feel like hitman put you in hospice!
put you in hospice! vicky by your bedside, crying she can't stop it! she's struggling to come to grips with it! she using chopsticks! i'ma ruin this nigga!
i'ma ruin this nigga! unidentified, his face was truly disfigured! doctors had to use an ice pack just to find out who is this nigga!
i'm jesse!
come on!
that's life!
i'm... right on! now make some noise! let's go!
back to cleaning the kitchen! what i write, take flight like ghost dogs releasing a pigeon!
they seeking attention
and they won't with it but they don't get it till people is missing your team get beat in submission and i just send them key on the mission from cleveland to winston

<BATTLE>
subscribe, like,
share,
king of the dot,
the youtube channel.
go show that love. you got to click that bell, the notification joint. that's what everybody be saying. click the bell. hey, guys. click the bell. like, go ahead and show that love, man.
what's going on, people?
if battle rap had a hall of fame, i'd be first ballot.
i am the incredible marvin wonderful from the east side of detroit.
gichi gotti, compton, california.
i'm here to smoke more one on mass six.
you know what i'm saying? when i first started battle rap, it was like he was battling 16 people for like $100 or like $250.
now there are people who legitimately are businesses off of this, and they're branching off and going into other realms of entertainment. so i'm super happy for that.
on the flip side of it, i don't think there's as much
originality as there once was. you know what i'm saying? i do think a lot of it is paint by numbers. a lot of it is cookie cutter.
and you just got to weed that out. the people that are really good are still really good.
so i'm more happy than i'm not. at this point in my career, battle rap is more, you know, it's fun for me now. you know, i've been through all the big battles, all the wars. so for me, it's fun, man. it's just dope to come to these events, see some of my peers that have been doing it for a while, these legends, these new dudes that's trying to get their name and just keeping the culture alive. so for me, a lot of this time, man, it's just a good atmosphere to be around for me to be able to kick some games, you know what i mean? drop some knowledge, drop some gems at these events, you know what i'm saying? and just witness some dope lyricism.
the thing that i can do in this battle is limit my own weaknesses.
that's really what i worked on.
not being as flippant, not being as lackadaisical as i have been, you know what i'm saying? or thinking i can get by on sheer will and like whatever, whatever. like i really, i really zoned in for this battle. and i hope it translates in the building and on camera.
yeah, man, don't roll over and crush your phone when you sleep tonight, fat motherfucker. hey, it had to be you.
hey, it had to be you.
i've watched your ascension.
you're not the same person that we battled in the two -on -two, you know what i'm saying?
but you standing in front of a person that you can't talk that crazy about, you know what i'm saying? you're not the same person that we battled in the two -on -two.
so,
you know, i love you though. i'll fight a brick wall for you. you know what i'm saying? but i'm going to put you through it first.
nah, salute marvel one, man. we should have a classic battle. he a legend in this game, you know. i'm a legend in this game. he one of the dudes i would say, that pioneer battle rap, you know what i mean? i'll give him that. he's been around for a long time, you know what i mean? so this is always dope when you get those clashes of the eras, you know what i'm saying? like, there's an era clash right here, you know what i'm saying? he holding it down for the old school. i'm holding it down for the new school. so yeah, we're going to see how it play out tomorrow, mass 6.
hey, yo, king of the dive. put your money where your mouth is. rehear live, tbl, kotd, massacre 6. make some noise, y 'all.
i'm your host, organic. you can follow us on instagram, at kotdtv, at organic hip hop. my co -host. yeah, gullytk. subscribe to youtube. shout out to ruin your day, mike masters, tbl, the riot. everyone to help put this together, man. let's go.
yeah, yeah, you know what it is. your boy, murda moog, the easy man, harlem in the building. dot marv already know what's up, man. mass, what's up? make some noise.
marv chose geechee to go first. it's on geechee. let's make some history. mass 6, let's go. take it easy. let's go.
we got geechee gotti versus... you know good. get your fat ass out my face.
that ain't no bar, no punch line.
hey, yo, murda.
in my spare time,
all i do is shoot people and watch youtube with my sons.
i'm talking about all them dating siss and viral videos that really be fun.
sometimes i like to collaborate and bring them two lifestyles together whenever i got my gun.
the 9 hold 11. y 'all trying to watch 20 versus 1?
hey, hey, y 'all trying to watch 20? y 'all trying to watch 20 versus 1? hey, where you get your verses from? your style outdated. the fans like they can't get with them. just because you a teddy graham looking motherfucker don't mean... just because you a teddy graham looking motherfucker don't mean your rap's gotta be the bare minimum. i'm finna, i'm finna, i'm finna tear him. yeah, this my blockbuster, this my blockbuster. i'm squeezing a gun so hard sometimes my glocks suffer. i'm talking about all i need is gun boards, no over the headlines. just plain boards about plain spraying shit like a crop duster. hey, like a crop duster. hey, metaphor, yeah. just plain boards about plain spraying shit like a crop duster. the 9, the 9 busser, when i show up it's danger. they talking about bullets ain't got no names. how come i got one in the chamber? hey, hey, how come i got one in the chamber? how come i got one in the chamber? matter of fact, this niggas a weirdo.
old ass nigga trying to be one of the vets.
nobody watch your battles and your partner's shit is even worse than the rest. i mean he don't even get no views.
just trying to figure it out. when it come to these million view battles for them legends, y 'all niggas the worst. like how the fuck is this nigga named quest but nobody search? y 'all niggas, hey, how the fuck is this nigga named quest but nobody search? hey man, y 'all niggas got the game fucked up. y 'all just out here wasting time. y 'all niggas out here playing with this money but don't think that y 'all finna play with mine. i came up here just to get the back end so i'm not really wasting time. nigga, i came with 9s. i came with 9s. this the gun show. i knock you down and stand over the body with both arms open like a puncho. this what you want bro?
i'm the grand master. i hit him in his chest. that breast get pain like he had cancer. the way you see morph get moved from the hospital to the mortuary will be considered a fat transfer. you niggas don't have the answers. hey, you niggas don't have the answers. i don't know you niggas. i don't shake hands, death up or bro you niggas. my block dangerous. think slave auction. pull up and i'ma show you niggas.
hey! this nigga talking about he pull a gun on a pg and fuck his whole life up on some gilbert arena shit.
that shit was nice as fuck.
nah, for real. that shit was nice as fuck.
you know what i mean? the new niggas was cheering me.
the new niggas was cheering me but i ain't hearing it. i'm more magic johnson. i'm talking point forward and if you don't die you got something you always gonna have to live with. and when it's real.
y 'all can see it. y 'all can see it in his eyes. y 'all turn. first round. see if you can make niggas believe in love. niggas turn.
grand winners on stage. sir.
go mark.
go mark.
you. you.
we got. geechee gotti versus.
a nigga that's comfortable in his skin and never looked at you as a boss clown.
i'm the same nigga that lost his voice screaming in rooms. so you'll be able to talk now.
nigga let's talk now.
i'm one of the goats. and i ain't never been accused of stealing y 'all style while i'm the streets. i literally paved the road that you able to walk down. nigga.
now let's talk crowns. after all these fights mine got blood and guts on it. the first gun i held was a tape 38. as far as bodies i still don't know what's on it. but it's show.
the first gun i held was a tape 38. as far as bodies i still don't know what's on it. but it showed me the shape of things to come. to cut the squares out of my circle i had to cut corners. and my rap performance.
let's go.
and my rap performance.
and my rap performance is just like that pistol. because they both catch bodies. even with a little bit of rust on it. how y 'all love them all?
let's go. hey nigga.
hey nigga how y 'all love marcus?
how y 'all love marcus?
when marcus is the definition of what a marcus is. the math ain't mathin'. the math ain't mathin'. i'm twice the size. and he's still not half the man that marv is.
i'm twice the size.
i'm twice the size. and he's still not half the man that marv is. large sid. nigga he the type that'll take the plea before they tell him what the charge is. nigga.
nigga.
nigga. nigga. he the type that'll take the plea before they tell him what the charge is. he the type that'll take the plea before they tell him what the charge is. keep them changed up. because if i see your gold and i have no problem blowing this cartridge. you listen.
let's go.
nigga you. nigga you.
nigga you. you.
you listen to him. nigga you listen to him. but he want everybody to know he goon. wrestling with the idea of 30 enemy. like that's gonna put him on the roads to cody soon. the god is risen.
nigga the god is risen. and i should have been moving rock out the way like the holy tomb.
what?
i say nigga the god is risen. and i should have been moving rock out the way like the holy tomb. and i should have been moving rock out the way like the holy tomb. marcus wanna be jordan so bad. till his coked up ass end up in the trophy room. i kill him. yeah.
nigga.
nigga.
nigga.
i kill hyper beasts.
i'm real sick when i reach with a knife and sheath. if that plan don't work. nigga i back out and put one in the air like the tribal chief. nigga your type is geek.
i said nigga your type is geek. college educated. but you keep that part of your life discreet. because it's easier to sell these people off the image of a nigga that like the streets. nigga i like to speak. to the person you see in the mirror on the wake up. you know the one that do backpack drives for the little girls. you know the one that do backpack drives for the little girls. and get the boys in his neighborhood shape ups. nigga you just display tough. but this pussy strap don't work. he a fake fuck. hold him for ransom with a ra... nigga this pussy strap don't work. he a fake fuck. hold him for ransom with a razor. tell your people get that work up or you gonna take a pay cut. nigga i tell.
nigga i traveled all this way to tell this loud mouth. i got a 9 mil suppressing you. i'll have gannett put a 100 on your head. nigga now we got bill collecting you. my suggestions to... nigga my suggestions to tell everybody you got in the field protecting you. that i would deactivate they facebooks. geechee i will literally kill the messenger. it's only 3 things promised in life.
it's deaf in taxes. and my legend status. when you play the game as good as iverson. you should never step in... nigga your practice.
yo yo yo yo yo yo!
hold it down!
what's up guys? hey y 'all.
stop fucking talking for real man.
nigga i done been to jail and to college.
it's fucked up cause sitting in that cell was the reason they was really giving me praises. but i'm the one that told the people about that. nigga i done had people have to put money on my books for two different situations. then you wanna talk about...
my super gun. it's a tank.
he don't even know what body's still on it. well as for me. when i catch a fat nigga like you and kill him. nobody's gonna count as three. ay ay!
nigga you been battle rapping about 20 years before i even started.
you still barely be getting main events. they pay you cents like a struggling artist. i'm confused like how the fuck is you this fat when in reality you starving. when it came to battle rap.
i really took it the farthest.
when it came to battle rap. i really took it the farthest. now i get the battle has beens like you or give shots cause i be winning regardless.
i'm talking about the crib. spot is secure in the front. like handicapped parking. nigga now that i'm talking.
nigga now that i'm talking.
you gots to listen. nigga i rap for the struggle. nigga's trying to make it out the trenches. dollar in the dream without a pop... dollar in the dream without a pop to piss in. i'm talking about so much white in the spot you can't even spot the kitchen. ay i'm talking about so much white in the spot you couldn't even spot the kitchen. i had fiends running towards that white house like a politician. ay did i forgot to mention. ay i done killed everybody. it's not no competition. i done smoked the street rappers, the anglers. i even got all the christians. i'm talking about the schemers, the punchers. i'm talking the schemers, the punchers. the legends. i even done popped some women. that's why even when it comes to this battle rap shit. all my props is given. but when i think about your career. i started tripping.
like you ain't never battle mook.
you ain't never battle lux. you ain't never battle rock.
you ain't never battle hipman. surf.
arsenal. hollow. that's fair to say.
how the fuck is you a legend? and you don't even got a legendary resume. ay what the fuck is legendary about you?
what the fuck is legendary about you?
what the fuck is legendary about you? i'm just saying. you ain't got no bars, no quotables. you really don't be saying shit. you been on this platform a gang of times. you had to battle me to become the main event. what the fuck is legendary about you? what the fuck is legendary about you? you don't got no league. you ain't put niggas in no position to get paid.
watching me battle on url. you front row the closest you ever get into that big stage. what the fuck is legendary about you? i just wanna know rock.
like what the fuck is legendary about you? see me and my nigga nitty we spent 150k across from drake. you was battling on grand prix for 50 ,000 and you lost to... man what is legendary about you?
what is legendary about you?
your biggest moment is watching twerk jump over suge on the stage.
your biggest moment is watching twerk jump over suge on the stage. let's get that clear. but that's symbolic to how you don't watch niggas leap past you and front your face your whole career.
this nigga weird. and i think it got to do all with age.
you lose every fucking battle. the only time you get to hear more of one is when they call you to the stage.
all you niggas... all you niggas strange.
you quest... well really just you and quest.
really just you and quest.
it's the... hey look. it's the strangest shit. these niggas do everything together. it don't be making sense. i'm talking 2 on 2 battles. 2 on 2 basketball games. they even got 2 on 2 relationships. hey it be his girl in the morning after lunch he take the bitch. it make me sick.
it make me sick.
you ever heard the saying what you eat don't make me shit? after i been around them so i'm not even considered that that shit there is true. cause i seen this nigga eat something and then your fat ass went to the bathroom. this shit is crazy.
this shit is crazy.
this shit is crazy. more fuck the bitch than quest had the baby. i'm gonna do him shady.
i'm gonna do him shady. cause he always trying to tell us that he battle eminem on some classic chord.
but i'm just confused like... if yo raps was hard.
then why don't you find somebody... why don't you just go to the d and find 12 niggas that will tell us that cuz it's dark.
i mean where is the proof?
if yo fat ass really be rapping hard.
then we would have seen yo fat ass rapping with eminem. y 'all don't find that bizarre?
ohhhh that's crazy.
and when it's real, y 'all can tell. y 'all can see it in their eyes. go ahead see if you can make these niggas bleed or not. nigga time. i had to fight back you know. share bitches.
y 'all ain't with no real. i'm still gonna live. share bitches.
leave me alone.
yo.
yo.
yo. october 2017.
las vegas. high power rifle blast ruining some trips.
april 2007. virginia tech. students ran from bullets that was moving through the bricks.
april 99.
columbine. it broke my heart. cuz i knew them devils was doing it for kicks. get crazy in there. what's this august 2024?
y 'all gonna have to add another mass shooting to the list. yeah.
yeah.
yeah.
oh my god.
keep going. what else?
holy hell.
you ready?
i say,
y 'all gonna have to add another mass shooting to the list.
get you.
i don't like how you say i be sharing bitches.
i actually get a lot of those.
you can ask your baby mama's friends. they'll tell you i get a lot of those.
if he wanna play, if he wanna play crazy with me,
i'm gonna make him disappear.
vominos.
i'm really one of them niggas. i lay him out like platanos. and marcus.
it's not smart.
it's not smart. marcus.
i don't know why you think it's incredible that you can be me.
marcus. you not smart.
i would have killed you when you was a pg. marcus.
don't let these people lie to you like i don't do my thing. marcus.
i guarantee niggas the feet gonna be ugly if i hit you with the boomerang. nigga you.
you better understand what we doing today.
cause i will bust your shit like an avocado. nigga don't make me ruin your day.
nigga i don't even need all 100 of these bitches.
nigga i just let it chew and they spray.
and nigga you really up here with your mouth smelling like you have incredible tooth decay. nigga.
nigga this. nigga i'm not the person that you honestly want to play with.
i promise you i will make a movie out of anybody that you stay with.
nigga. since you want to be a monkey. nigga this banana gonna curve on a cake clip.
nigga and this is the great shit.
and since you want to be kendrick so bad.
nigga your family gonna matter on some great shit.
could it be?
is it me?
i heard your mom say that. baby mama baby was dead free. no i'm joking.
look it's only three things promised in life. it's deficit taxes. and my legend status. when you play the game as good as iverson. they should never accept you to step in practice. and i promise you nigga. this is practice.
find a round. round three it's on geechee. let's get it.
so sometimes to avoid the drama you gotta seek within.
i used to pop on niggas. and then repent cause i was told that it deletes the sin.
you ever been close to death.
i could bring you in. i witnessed a face shot. where the only thing that was left was underneath the chin.
they had to identify the body from his jawline and a little piece of skin.
i'm talking about back to back wars. them the type of beefs i'm in. them the type of beefs i'm in. i wear masks. i wear masks so they can't identify my face.
that's the only time we pretend.
that's the only time we pretend. nigga ain't nothing fake about my background. it was either sink or swim. it's quite tragic. death or jail.
and the deeper you go the only way to get out is with a life jacket. i mean.
and the deeper you go the only way out is with a life jacket. you think i'm camping. you ever had the whip cracking a pot. i'm talking about scraping all the sides till you literally left a crack in a pot. i'm talking about scraping all the sides till you literally left a crack in a pot. in my lifestyle that shit happen a lot. in my lifestyle that shit happen a lot. drive -bys, hopping out the passenger spot. the chop explosive. if you die then is this your time to die. that mean god has spoken. niggas be sitting there preparing for death. to that calling moment. my partner said he want to be cremated. he don't want to be in those skinny ass castings. he too claustrophobic. hey i done lost some homies. i done lost some homies. that pain just raised my that pain just raised my adrenaline. then i still gotta come up here and rap.
try not to forget my boys. at the same time trying to remember them. i mean.
try not to forget my raps. at the same time trying not to try to remember them. i'm really him. that's why i stay strapped. i ain't trying to be no casualty. i'm talking about i be knowing this shit fucked up. so i come and put my life in these raps. cause that's therapeutic. that's my mentality. it's crazy because ain't nothing entertaining about my reality. but then i gotta come up here and entertain y 'all with my reality.
these is real life boys.
that's something niggas gotta deal with.
i done been in cars with guns that go i done been in cars with guns that go that's the only time i was witnessing with a kill switch. you was up here freestyling last round and that shit was some real shit. the whole time i was thinking like this fat ass nigga up here looking real bitch. you's a bitch. shut the fuck up morph when i'm talking to you. this nigga quest behind you like damn why you letting geechie sit up here and talking to you. we both been freestyling. we coulda did better. i know that's something they gonna argue to.
but this mad six and a nigga came up here and gave y 'all off for the crew. so look man i'ma just leave it like this. shout out to everybody that showed up tonight. man shit boy geechie got him in third round. it's on you morph when that hit.
final round it's on morph. let's get it. mad six.
hey yo.
hey yo.
hey yo.
this this.
hey yo.
one two one two one two one two.
hey yo.
this nigga love talking his family shit.
well let's see how many fight for him. bane of my existence. let's see if he live when i put the lights on him. nigga sights on him.
this battle was like realizing your old chick was the right woman.
that shit made me want to see my lax. i packed up and took flight on him. nigga all these battles i had.
nigga all these battles i had. i wanted to make sure yours was the statement.
nigga the only time i lose is due to lack of preparation.
or poor preparation. for that my score get debated. but in real wars i'm the greatest. your diners has them. this 40 always gonna have a place in my organization.
nigga. nigga. that's a great score. nigga.
i say nigga.
i say nigga we spray the glock. zone defense. we play the blocks. you do a lot of talking.
nigga the gangsters i know don't even really say a lot. i heard y 'all had a plot to get me. even a secret meeting where you displayed the plot.
assassination attempt.
boy that weak ass secret service gonna get l .i. the mayor shot. nigga relay the message. that i'm only here to stretch my run. this a new me. i'm not listening to niggas talking no more unless i'm done. tell your first lady i'm looking past her. to god i'm here to bless my son. if hitler wears hermes the crip wears coffins when i take this nigga from the west side gun.
nigga. i'm over.
hey nigga.
hey nigga. i'm a profound vet. standing ten toes even around threats. i knew the odds was against me. and i still threw all my chips in. i'm a sound vet. niggas love pointing out the fact that i'm fat.
am i a little too round? yes.
but that only proves i would have been an incredible drug dealer geechee. i ain't lost a pound yet.
what? what?
what?
i say nigga.
i say nigga.
i say nigga. i ain't lost a pound yet.
i ain't lost a pound yet. nigga i make it flip.
i say nigga i make it flip. i'm handing out work. come take a shift. i put a record ralph in the spot. just a big ass white boy breaking bricks. i'll break your bitch.
i say nigga i'll break your bitch. stump these pills in your pussy hoe. take this trip. i can move it all. shake,
strip, ace, nicks. it's also cliche.
you know a nigga like carpe diem or c 'est la vie. i know niggas who got rid of bricks quicker than aarp. aarp.
yeah.
he needs to chill the fuck out. i say nigga.
yeah.
i say nigga.
i know niggas. i know niggas who got rid of bricks quicker than aarp.
aarp. them old niggas you say rg. only fuck with you when you cut costs so they can pay small fees. man these niggas know what i got in store for them. it's cause i market it. if this the end, i'm a ball to the finish. like lori markkinen.
marcus. marcus.
marcus.
marcus. marcus.
marcus. and all your rounds you make niggas disappear.
that's a parlor trip. plus it's a rumor going around. you ain't crippin' right cuz.
and i started it.
i said nigga.
i say
nigga. i say. i say. i say gannick hit my line. he says you ready to come back?
i said we gotta discuss that 50k mission.
he said bro that was years ago. let it go. and we had judges that say different out the corner of my eye. i seen geechee with no gun in his holster. i said wait he ain't grippin'? gannick turned into white noise. i said let me call you back bro. bake trippin'. we way different.
i say nigga we way different. rappers are crisis actors. they play victim. nigga they want sympathy when they get bit by the snakes that laid with them. i heard birds of a feather.
so i made up my biz to filet chickens.
the colonel.
nigga that shit feel like i'm yee whippin' in bobby flage kitchen. nigga you ain't.
nigga how the fuck is you a soldier?
how the fuck is you a soldier? when you ain't never been in the field?
you ain't never been with killers and in the back of your head worrying if you give them the field?
backseat, spinning the block, telling your adrenaline chill when the shit pops? we gonna find out if he a nigga or not. it's a gender reveal. i'm al cinder.
nigga.
i say nigga i'm al cinder for real.
i say nigga i'm al cinder for real.
i shoot the hook with elegance. he don't write heavy. and i hate light niggas. that's the willie lynch precedent. debo. nigga i'm debo. and you better be a gold tucker like the fifth element. animal.
nigga. animal.
i say animal. i'll spray what's in the trunk if you a dress in this elephant. i'm a legend, gee -gee. are you crazy dude? i'm a real detroit nigga.
and i just brought them 380s through. the last thing he gonna see is that d over that navy blood. like nigga look what you made me do.
let's go!
south taguchi gaudy. absolute legend.
i'm honored. i'm humbled.
i think i got a 2 -1. i know i got a 2 -1 first and third.
and my heart of hearts not being funny if i could have stayed the course on my second, i think it would have been more definite.
but gee -gee's a professional. you know what i'm saying?
like he's one of the best 10 battle rappers in the world. i was just honored to stand, you know what i'm saying, standing there and throw punches with him. man, i ain't gonna lie, i feel like we both could've did better,
you know what i'm saying? i ain't gonna lie, i had some moments where i fucked up. my second round was my best round, i feel like that was my cleanest,
most craziest round, good angle i took. that was probably his worst round. and then my third round was on its way to being good, then i kinda, i landed horribly, and that was his best round, you know what i'm saying? so, i feel like he got the battle, if i'm being honest, you know what i'm saying? cause he got that third pretty clear, i got the second pretty clear, and the first i feel like he got that too, i kinda had a lot of free styles in that first. his first he kinda had more direct lines, you know what i'm saying? he had more crowd reaction. i'd say he had more crowd reaction in the first. my first wasn't really choppy or bad, and then like they just had more crowd reaction probably. so, i'm being honest, i'd say he got the first and the third, and i got the second clear. so, i give him a two one, in the real, if i'm being honest.
you know what?
no, i'm pretty,
i pretty much knew, the only thing that i didn't expect was a pop, like the pop so big at the beginning of the second, like it threw me, you know what i'm saying? like i blanked right after that. so, i tried to go into a freestyle bag to get it back. luckily i did enough to not drown,
you know what i'm saying?
and i was able to put this together in the third, you know what i'm saying?
what's up?
you wanna see that something, god?
anybody that makes sense. like i'm a rapper,
you know what i'm saying? so, i don't have a hit list, i don't have anything like that. like i just wanna test my pen against the best people.
you know what i'm saying? that's all,
so, whoever wanna fight.
i mean, i feel like my prep was just off because just me on some personal shit, i just wasn't prepped mind mentally, you know? so, it wasn't nothing i could have did differently, just life would have to move differently, you know what i'm saying? but other than that, i stayed up on it, trying to get it, you feel me? so, and i feel like i had it when i was up there too, like i say, just that third, i had like a blank moment, like ooh, you know what i'm saying? and it was crazy because i went first,
so his second was so ass that it made me forget my third because he freestyling and you know when a nigga rapping, you trying to remember your shit, but in my head i'm like, damn, i can't believe he's still rapping like stop, like so i can got it while i'm remembering it. like it's hard to explain, but that's really what happened. i ain't gonna lie to you, man, i'm serious.
hey man, thank y 'all, man. y 'all really, y 'all been rocking with me
for a very long time, you know what i'm saying? rip pac -stay, rip bender,
thank you.
like through ups and downs, good and bad, like you've always been consistent, i appreciate that.
album out, i'm fine, thanks for asking, out everywhere. you know what i'm saying, we debuted number nine on itunes, let's run it back up.
i'm about to go drink, i'm about to go celebrate.
they seeking attention and they won't win it, but they don't get it till people is missing. your team get beat in submission,
and i just sent a key on the mission from cleveland to winston.

